Best projects are on eth
Lets go
Come on brothersGive young people a chance
lfg
my man
this project is fire
WGMI
Morning guys
Hi, what are you doing, how is life?
cool project btw
What do u think about eth???
We will do it, guys!
How do you like the new movie about the spider?) My friends didn't like it, but on the contrary, I was delighted with the cool graphics and plot.
doing great how about you
Has anyone got a ps5 for the new year?
didnt sleep whole night damndont sop grinding
almost definitely yes
A gentle kiss for the night~
I would be generous actually
i need 15 lvl to whitelist ((
Charge up
LETS GOOGet me my wl plz
best wishes for you my friendThis art and this active, engaged community is a dream, I personally never saw this before 😏
Don't stop guys
see you find yourself very interesting
Yo
yeah,Dream big, my friend, and never give up. We all make mistakes, but none of us are mistakes. Take your time and have a positive attitude, perspective, principles and truths that I share, and you too will overcome
Who is your best friend?
nice project, looks promising
You are on your way
Not sold until 10 ethereum
Ty for this maaaaan
Who's your friend?
im fine too, just stay at home. chat chill hereIm into insta projects for a quick flip . And solid project for long term hold thats my strategy 🪄
wish u guys good luck!
Keep lvling up and engaging
Lets grind to the moon
okey bro
Yeah keep going lads
Hello bro! Welcome here ❤️ How are you doing? I hope you are doing well
Good morning!
Letѕ gο і lоve this сommunitу :heart:
yeah, lvl 20 will be soooo hard, its requires more xp than 1-15
im 18 bro
wl spot needed
The year 2022 is starting with this insane project very good!
Money lover
bots already here&
guys, who communicates to what music? Already tired of everything, advise something
hello and welcome! If ur new here and want to get into the wl, follow these steps... 1. add "HYPERSLOTHS
Hi
GM guys
Me tooo mate
Work hard together
no body cant answer to you
No, if I was watching something right now, I'd pass out...
keep pushing
So am I. Luck never came.
I hope no
try everything you can, good luck man
xmas got me fat af
The art looks so clean
Good projects should be grasped
What's the most uncomfortable situation you've ever found yourself in?
3eth floor
That money should be earned, not laid low. In fact, earn. For yourself.
This project have so much potential we are going to the moon!!!!
Wooow
old money, new hoe
did i late again ?I'm so tired, I have to rush for level 20
I'm looking forward to it
love it already
who has what lvl?
What? Just the wl?
I feel the same way, maybe because of the good atmosphere in this community, so I can't even realize it, and I may forget the time after chatting.Be active and contribute, and you will too.
wow
It is a really interesting method to get on the whitelist
Hey fam how are all doing
A good NFT
My english is also not perfect.
Woooooohooooo
Have some rest man u deserve it 🙂
This project is definitely a dope. Much love for the founders for bringing such amazing community. We will see a lot of great things happen here in the future
cant wait for invites to get fixed xDhow do you guys find people to invite?
just tell me why lol
Talk more
hola
to the moon
agent
bullsquad
Someone else can tell you about interesting projects in the field of NFT, it would be great to hear
WL selling at $1k super hyped 🤔😱
what about you?
stop this gibberish
a little bit tired
i cant wait to mint this project the art is awsome
Yes, so everyone will have a chance as long as they keep it well
when do you think the bear market will come?
Cant wait for the next requirements
The best thing we can do is not to lose our job.
Phew I'm so hungry
wait , are u  really ready  to  get 20  lvl  ?  wow !
Time is a circus, always packing up and moving away.
Heyy broo welcomee
Coocking  and playning to basketboll
lets moon
Hey guys
dont give up
hey guys make sure to buy ETH while its down! we're only making big money moves!
How about raffling?
Hello all
Gooo
Never stop
hiiii
Moderators are probably pleased to see such activity in the chat
Niceeee
who thinks this project is going to the moon?whats y'all favorite foods?
When will i reach level 10
hello all of all
needs more assets
reminds me a lot of crypto bull soceity and prime ape planet
Who is in what other projects?
this chat is crazy
man gas is high
good job
damn I cant create invite link xD
You can do it! Turn your dreams into reality brother! keep going as always 🎉
Woo ooooo congrats
I have to go to the MFC today to pick up my passport, and with their queues 1 lesson -
hallo
аnуоnе gоt аnу gооd suggеstiоns fоr mу mеаl fаm im stuck
loving the sneak peaks fr
when the announcement ??
hope to get whitelistchat is crazy
As far as work quarters go, I have a ton of ideas
sup
Why did things always seem to work out this way?
Yesss how are you ?
We have no info pal
how are you?who does what?
Damn....
I haven't words
Nice community
How to create my own invite link pls help idk why i cant
yes fav project
No days off guys, we can do it!any special utilities that doodles have???
Don't leave regrets, step up our stepsDon't forget me when it's ashore, I don't know when I can go ashoreDon't envy everyone for being so handsome, come on
Работаем братья
I've always been active here
I want to collect the top of the strangest messages, hehe
maybe a free wl for some1)4
go go go go
Botsloth and use /rank
What's something that is common today that humans will be embarrassed about doing in 50 years?
How do you become as successful as Slava Bebrow and Morgenstern?
There are few wild beasts more to be dreaded than a talking man having nothing to say!
By the way, how are you doing now, who has filled how much?
Yes, of course this project is on Ethereum, I don’t go into other projects myself
Community is liiiiittt!
yo
It's too hard to be white
yes!
have a nice day guys hoho
me too buddy, im glad I joined it
i wanna say something
Hi my fren!
Yes goood project
maybe you can elaborate more about these two things fam? It might be something new for some people
Keepup
Need that WL
Until we meet again
Done ser
Now only 10 lvl + can do this
hahaha
Lets goooooo
for real i need wl
dont forgot waters guys
think floor price is going to be?Hypersloths to the moooon
What is your first name?
gm
I think you should take a break)
Okay, thanks
hehehe) I like this is project!
Im so hyped for this project
москва здесь)
using words, hope it helped u🤗
Yoooo gang
i needa go gym more haha
Haha, there are a lot of people, come and be active when you have nothing to do.Come on, everybody. It's almost there, it's not far away.
I saw it last week, It was amazing
we're gonna be rich
i hope i win
Beautiful project
GGs
See what you want to eat later
Everyone keep on hyping this project up! more people means more hype! Im definitely minting one. Keep spreading the message please
the аrt iѕ іnѕane! We going tο the mоon fоr ѕure!
I’ll be back soon for a chat, just taking a break
Keep it up bro!! U can do it
im new so trying to get to know evrything
Keep it up
guys , let s talk  ,  how old are u ?
chat is getting insane
Every ship is a romantic object, except that we sail in (:
lfgGs
hows everybody doin
do you think this project will blow up like punks?
Happy new year!
feel nice
hi
Yeah, I'm going to be with my family tonight
Guys, what projects would you advise to go to?
hope eveyone have a good day
guys you are amazing keep goinggg!!
if someone have a question go ping me or dm me i answer you
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there's love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong
Yes, doggy, she name Finny
@HYPERSLOTHS |all ArielCohen#8665
absolutely guys block all dm.Projects where people get wl by working hard are generally good.
don't get upset my friend, time goes by so fast if you don't think about it
Hello to everyone who is new
don’t forget to eat guys
Cancel, I don't believe
pumped for this projectwhere is everyone from
Guys i belive in u, let's go to The Moon
Cant wait for mint hope I can hit
Have a chance to be seen by the boss
we can do this guys
This art and this active, engaged community is a dream, I personally never saw this before 😏
For the new year
anyone been watching champions league?
I m HERE
flippers will die out and holders will benefit
me too brokeep up dont sleep
dont stop until u get that wl baby
We are having such a greate time round here
hey, welcome. how are u?
yeah i got to shut it down soon
Grrrinddd
Hеrе whеn уou nееd mе!! Kееp уou pushing through thе quit
But your activity is wonderful. It is really helpful for community
Hello everyone
today is a good day for chatting
I really like their art )
get some rest guys
what lvl are u guys
100% as words can go along way to making others feels great! Clearly you have the same mindset, which is great for this community so keep sharing the love 🪐
so sad i missed phantabear at 0.9...There is not any present moment that is unconnected with some future one. The life of every man is a continued chain of incidents, each link of which hangs upon the former ((:
beautiful chat you are reactjust keep it real
Hello everyone!! 🤧doodles will reach 20eth very soon mark my words
Stop pls, how many messages are needed for 15 lvl?
all the better for seeing u
cant wait to the saleforsure
Can you describe him/her?
What`s your favourite sport
I may not respond to some messages due to the chat, so I apologize in advance
Grind and grind
How many hours have you been farming?
we can make it together guys
we got this funny
Hello
what about competiton
hi bro how are you?
hi thereee
Yo I'm so hyped for this project. I think this might be one of the biggest drops of 2022 ⏳
perspective project
who plays dota 2
push push
The details in the art are real sic! we do it once, we do it twice!
Heyy guysss whtsssupp
I hope I can get one NFT, this will be the next huge ones! 🤌
@GODOG, your messages are monotonous ... Check for bot: 3 + 8 =
HIHI
Whats up guys
cool,, let's talk millie do you know any jooke to tell , so bwe break the ice
air drop give me
sneak peaks are amazing, go check them out
Hi guys
Hello everyone! Keep spreading good vibes and help one another to reach our goals 😄
what is your opinion about the project??
+ to chat who wants to whitelist
The hustle and grind should never stop the floor price will be crazy!
Does anyone participate in the 50K box binance lottery?
Yes already sent the proof
project growing up every day
Looking forward for all this
i need whitelist!!!!!!!
It's already a little boring, cheer me up with an akekdot please))
how many WL left for now? anyone know?
In elementary school, in case of fire you have to line up quietly in a single file line from smallest to tallest. What is the logic? Do tall people burn slower? Sorry for that bad joke hahahaha
Keep up the good work guys^^We all make it one day, just grind the next couple of days hard
What do you wish you had more talent doing?
dont spam pleeeeeeease
lfglfg
today is good day to grind
SOL has overtaken time
Please boys lets go faster
ligue 1 is not very competitive imo haha psg always wins man
I want to buy a car
i can to do it!!
r the dropwlhetats  dgor iynod u boguyyss
Chat is Flying lmfao
Total supply?????????????
Exactly
wtat  are u  watching when chat ?
not sure actually
hello
I need this VL!
Waiting for the moment to witness the miracleThe goal is not far from us, friendsAfter all, being cute is not a long-term solution, but being cute is a long-term solution
Although it is useless, a good community is also worth our contribution to it.Haven't come ashore yet.
go grind everyone
i'm tired af
Thanks for this projectYes
I have no experience in moderating, but i think admins are exhausted as we too.
So best
enjoy your day
hello how are you?
Anyone want a pancake guys?
wonder what mint will be too art is fire sooo
I am from Holland, 22 years old.
the chat is dropping...
Don't relax or chill just keep hustle for that WL sheeesh
such amazing project
really desperating for the WL
i love this project
That's true This project is a gem
the artist is hella talented
gm everybody
hello chat!
How do you think we will rise or fall in tokens?
Seems like this is a bit too much
sup my man
yeah exactly me too im working with a day job .. sucks to be us actually haha ive seen alot of student 18-20 years old grinding like mad and getting hape and prolly earning much more than day jobbers like us unless we are earning big bucks on our job haha
The project will be very beautiful.
so excited for this project
crazy art
block all dm guys!!!
yeah let's chat👋
good morning, how are you buddy?
Yevgeni Krachak the king!
I'm fine too ☺️
A lot of hard work is hidden behind nice things
moonokay
i don't think thats a good idea
whole world bubble is popping
Im new in crypto, want to follow this project.
What is your hobby?
keep going
already checked man, yep its awesome
we are sooo strong!
Bruh finally level 10
Never give up until you reach the moon
Let that sink in: By dividing work up among people so they could specialize, we went from bows and arrows to Apollo moon missions
we all love ape
Hi all!
currently grindin at work bro
Don't sell under 4 eth
Since a politician never believes what he says, he is surprised when others believe him 🤣
what are u doing this time
Who are your favourite English (American) authors?
I fееl likе I’m onlу lеvеling onе lеvеl а dау -_-
Ιnѕane prоject tο be араrt оf thаt’s for sure :wink:
of course, i love Chicago pizza and very cheese pizza !
good luck
i cant read the chat. but i need to do this for rank
I'm tired. I feel tired
damn im in shock
hmmmm, i would refuse of this lovely offer, please forgive me) its quite late
i need this W to feed my family
i like this project
not bad
check it out on Twitter or something. Huge project
ur crazy
be kind pls
Hi 👋
Everyone is very enthusiastic
congrats mate keep it up you will ge lvl 10 soon
Yooo to the moon my friend
Thats the hype buddy
Wassup
anyone gotten to lvl 15 yet?
It was fun.
Ahaha, I think we need a separate chat for jokes here, it's very funny. Good luck to you!
It seems like my brain is telling me it's time for bed.
I did it too
So happy A little tired
I love these will continue to do my part to help the community
It`s a traditional English sport game, isn`t it?
How your year going? Whats your plan today?
the chat is on fire
Your work held the rapt attention of his audience ⏲️
Thanks for your help.
Where are you from? Good to know you, i am from germany 🥰
That’s incredible
yea, when no more Covid, I will be back to my favorite work as I love traveling
I need this as soon as i can
maihan?
In to many discord right now lol
Lfg everyone
I conjure you, my brethren, to remain faithful to earth, and do not believe those who speak unto you of super terrestrial hopes! Poisoners they are, whether they know it or not ^^
Yesssirrrr!! Lettssggooooo
What is the oddest form of entertainment you enjoy?
Who need help ?
lets go
How cool it is to sometimes sit in the company of wonderful people with a good atmosphere)
Thank you, it gives me hope
You too 🦥
i had 1 btc in 2016  ...
How is your infusion for tonight, what are you planning to do tonight?
I'm good i love the positive energy here
i like this png
The fam, nothing has been purchased more dearly than the little bit of reason and sense of freedom which now constitutes our pride
I need to get to WL to feed mah fam.
just believe n continue!
but i`m understand
So cool this concept of art
wait what exactly are you guys talking about
Congratulations keep it
WL ??easy peasy...
Good morning friends
Weather is bad atm
It is easy to seek priceless treasures, and it is rare to have good projects, so the projects come alive.Help newcomers and contribute our little to the community, you can too, brother.
we doing good buddy , how arre u doing today mate , how is the grinding going buddy ,.
chat its too fast
chat flows very fast, noone will notice that im hyped, lol
how long you here ?
Hello 🙂
Diamond hands let’s go! No paperhands allowed!
I believe in you!!!
Do you know who Ivanzolo2004 is?
We all make it one day, just grind the next couple of days hard
this twitter people bout to hear me out
we all gonna make it do not give up everyone
get back u later
Where are you guys from?
Let's get to work today and talk tonightI wish you all the greatest things, hope you are doing well and have a nice day! 🧐
Always welcome guys
i need whitelist bruh!!!!!!!
Does anyone trade from the chat? What strategies do you use and what do you trade?
Gl everyone!!!
Good luck to you too
It will definitely get better later
Wazzup everyone? Let's gooo! We can do this! Keep the hype up and we'll get to the point of happiness<3
beaufiul bro how are u today?
This phase was fast
so many new mfs haha
Have you got a room of your own?
love you
hahahahha sorry
hyper beings love it here sloth!!!!!
Thank you a lot for the help
hope everyone having chill time here
hey man, we are fine, doing everything,that we can for community
good luck guys
guys LFG keep on grinding i love u all so much
How's it going?
I want eat brothers
When is mint guys?
hi guys good morning
I like food how about youThe harder you work, the luckier you get. Good luck is reserved for those who work hard.What are your New Year's resolutions.
hype hype hype
go go gog og gog
Only winners will stay before they will be whitelisted, im strong person for this.
don't forget to hydrate
og gang!
Raining and storming
chat going wild
okkkkkkaaay lesss go ahahah my favourite meme
Good and you
you too mate, things will go well in 2022 manIn elementary school, in case of fire you have to line up quietly in a single file line from smallest to tallest. What is the logic? Do tall people burn slower? Sorry for that bad joke hahahaha
I don't know аny othеr wаy.  It comеs bаck to you, if you pаy аttеntion to thе signs
gl to all the grinders
let's go
Road too200kkkkkkk
we goodyo
The community is wonderful because of all of us
yeah man
What’s going on
Mine honor is my life; both grow in one; Take honor from me and my life is done.!
What kind of cryptos are people into?How are you doing?
wow I like this one 😍
Let’s get it
back agin
It's still something we will work onA little work is good for convalescence
everyonee, good luck
thanksss
i think these will moon hard
Never quit
my days basicaly over i should be sleeping lol
Wassup everyone how is everyone doing? What is everybody excited for the most?
Studying in China? I also saw a lot of foreign college students
spread some love
this is amazing
$ETH or SOL? $eth for me personallyanyone else hodling this project?
Υea, ѕo һard to lvl һere
mint price announced?
Guys, if I found a bot, do I need to tag the admin and indicate his nickname? thanks in advance
Happy and meaningful day of grinding guys. LFG!
Keep grinding dude👍
yoooo
how is everyone doing!
I enjoy my work 🌪️They ate und grind in silence then, enjoying the tranquility of mother natures' work around them
The weather is good today
when we know if we will be white
oh yeah bro)
awesome artwork, good job whoever behind it
Moving hella fast
i guess
So you can work yourself back in here again?
that would be a dream come true hahaha
What mode of transportation have you never tried?
i  never had WL before
Wow how do we get wl
cheer up, do what you can with what you have, whatever happens, don't back down
Does anyone listen to the Dora Fool track?
💪🏽🦥
Tell me what you need here to get whitelisted I would be interested to hear
Does anyone know how much bw dunks are now in a gs dimensional grid? I just wanted to give them to a person, but I don’t want to spread more than 15k
🍑🍑🍑
We continue to shape our personality all our life. If we knew ourselves perfectly, we should die
It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest
did you already checked the new sneak peeks? Insane work
how do you like the new spiderman
we got this
Very good! Mine starts in 1 hour, looking forward to it 😁
let's keep it up boys
we are gonna make it guys
keep it up guys, we can do this
yeah
go sweep on me after the drop
U
sloths are my spirit animal
Let's go have a look.
Are there so many people? Haha, do you want to rest for a while?Wow, amazing, thank you all, it seems I understand more and more.
Yevgeni Krachak the goat for real 100%
Im from germany
May I help you?
Comonguys
Spotify is the only thing that keeps me alive during the grind
do u like it?
I feel excited now. This community is great
please dont grind too long at once... always put ur health on top :)
It was a work in progress ✍️Since a politician never believes what he says, he is surprised when others believe him 🤣
Our greatest responsibility is to be good ancestors
I'm fine, and you?
https://tenor.com/view/sloth-swag-chill-gif-9707312
There's a lot of projects I haven't heard of lol
we need more channels here
What a amazing NFTs
Any suggestions?
So nasty
chat is crazylfg!!!
really hyped for that project
Exactly, I wouldnt disregard the general chat as I always dip in and out but good to use the other community sub chats to have some good quality conversations on topics you enjoy speaking to people about 🎈
🤑
I’ve heard so much about you!
Great ! Tell more
They are opened now, no?
So glad to see no Bots haha.
let's gooo champs
Sloth Gangggg
I love pets, but I don’t have. I love dogs mostly , you ?
hellothis is great
Need that WL lol
What projects are new that u want to collab?
We'll do it guys!
Hey mate
Thx
together forever
ouh that sound so great. Ich wurde gerne einmal nach Norwegen gehen und die kultur kennenlernenkeep going boysThe toilet has to be solved in a few secondsGo fishing at workis this project on sol or eth? couldn't find it
guys, the main thing in the chat is not to send spam. help the project develop
i realy think we gona sky high to the moon
hellooo
Definitely! I am not leaving my seat until I have my spot secured haha
I like Kitty
cool
Ahahahahha this is a subbotnik))
LOOOOOOL
I didn't have any classes today and I decided to take off hustle
i spent such a wonderful evening
Sleep well fam I love you too ❤️
spread love and keep the vibe
wl
🦥🔥
i hope you are well
Why where y’all on lockdown ?
is the requirement for wl, lvl 10 and hm invites do we neeed
be strongFemale gorillas usually don't mate with their closest relatives, their father and brothers
we will get that wl
Yaaaa dontt stopp
I enjoy my work 🌪️
There will be a promotion soon, nice
Do you have any pets? What are their names?
we all can make it!
Hey everyone how you doing???
yea keep fighting to the end
I think it's timе to go to bеd 😅 2 lеvеls todау, wаs tough!!!
anyone itching to mint lol... coz i am
fine wby?
wagmi
cool people what a vibe
chilling right now
yes, a gorgeous film, only a tricky plot turned out, something evangelion reminds
Thank you
What are you target for today?Thanks for the conversation & the value. We are gonna make it together 💭
hi everybody
never giving up guys
don't stop, we'll do
Whos gonna make it
have u  had headach after chatting 20 hours ?
yes, need working and working
Gm bro how’ are ya
shoot to tHRill
Yeah, the video looks amazing too!  It will be cool to see what else they release, i'm looking forward to seeing more
Where will the sale take place, or is there no information yet?
Brothers step upWhat are some good projects to share recently?It must be, a very popular and super popular project. After all, being cute is not a long-term solution, but cuteness is a long-term solution. The harder you work, the luckier you get. Good luck is reserved for those who work hard.
Lets do this gang!!
You can't get WL . Me: hold me beer xDStop spam. It doesn't work that way
i know it`s strange
where are you from?
the best piece of advise i could give to someone right now is to invest in a good pc its so worth it and almost mandatory for whats happing in the world right now
i think 50 50
Can't wait for the mint date
I'm working on my school projects.
I'm sure this mint will sell out in 5s
Pls remember never to open DMs guys to people as you could get scammed!
gn guys
Good
How's everyone doing?   Let's get hyped up!
ahah thanks!
never give up guys
Let’s do it
Something in your chat, everything is completely sad, let's get active and enjoy the conversation!
my favοrite іs the lаѕt ѕneak peek fοr sure!
baby? well...i'm not sure whether i've heard this...can you sing some lines for me? please~~see you.
hello to all the british once again how are you doing?
i like this server's layout really easy to get around
nice art there from the sneak peeks
wgmi
guys check out the latest announcement
This might be some of your best workguys did u hear about Lamborghini NFT? Check their twitter and activate notifications so u don't miss it out! 💎
just got in, whats good everyone?
OK, be a good friend
it's just great
thanks for great working
I am so active, when will it be available, come on.Do more for your family.
I hope I will be able to mint
Yeah
EAT SLEEP BUY NFTS AND REPEATDo what is true to your soul
Where is everyone from in here?
how did you celebrate by the way?
Im doing great HBU?
What do you like best about yourself?
I planned to work on some music tonight anyway
The only thing she does which requires skill with the hands is her work on the typewriter 😤
yep, several thousand bot will be banned soon I am sure
gogogo work work
By the way, it's my birthday today! Anyone congratulate?)
doing well my friend, how about you mate
yooooo
wild chat
Waite for next phase 💪🏼
Русские есть?
amezing
I guess so. btw is this fast chat or what?
The community looks really solid.
Community interaction. Watching a TV show. What about you?
idk it depends cause gas fees fluctuates, to be sure put more in your wallet, like 0.1
2themoon)
Just for the record
This is the best community I've ever been in.
WEN WL?
hello brother
You can do it
Help out in the community if you can 🙂
I work as an accountmanager
Haha, your too!!
WAGMI
Just be super active and helpful on here.
We don't give up!!!
Color gradient green
Someone here WL?
Mamba Mentality is needed to get in presale
dont forget do block dm!!
lets go guys, keep chatting, don't stop
There will be raffle anybody knows ?
$MATIC or $ADA?$ETH or $BTC?
Phew I'm so tired todayYes, I've been cleaning all day
good luck to you too dude.Great activity everyone!
Is it cold there?
🦥🦥🦥🔥
Looking good
but then again darley do be packin
everything is great
bro i dont even know at this pointEverything is going to work out, you'll see
All day long I'd biddy biddy bum
ye ye lovely
Can you discribe this project
Amazing Artwork
Goodnight fam. See you all tomorrow殺
all  please note that we've just started to collect your address!
CMON Yoou know it
Not bad, not bad
I also not that long into nfts, maybe like 2 or 3 months at all
it  s dangerous to be with gf now , she calls sleep
How is it going
ahah, well, I agree with you, this is an important criterion for obtaining an ow
some of the fan art is awesome
I have a great day today, and I am ready to spend it with you
it together we're like a strong gang of kittens
need to work hard
lfg 😄
I think some NFT influencer doing a youtube video
i can barely keep up with the chat
U guys are so good in this app
we all are!
its good here
Lolhahahhaha
thanks
NOBODY IS LISTING UNDER 1 ETH OKAY!!!!!
anyone see the last sneak peak
Like some people don't have to go to work tomorrow
still waiting for my WL😆
If you are tired just drink more coffee, if you are in the WL you can sleep xD
mint on sol or on eth guys
community amazing too!!
Who were in poland ?
LFG 🚀  no spam!
best project rn
how ar u today
Made sure to get a little stretch outside
damn congratz
Oh hahaha yeah me too! The sneakpeak currently reminds me of a disney movie. So this one I think will be a snatch for my daughter
Try anything... you need to start!
floor &ààà or &àààààààààà
what's up
Let's gokeep going
What do you think makes one's home cosy?
i am not sure but i am ready to get some more
Poor indeed is the garden in which birds find no homes
Me too bruhh
how are you bro??
love the art
this chat is wonderful
Where u from?
Yes, he's very good
It turns out that just communicating is quite difficult, but it seemed to me that it was not so difficult)
im so delighted to be here rn!! GODbless this world
road ro 15lvl
are u guys planning to hold or let go this NFT ?
okayhope to get whitelist
The process was hard work and the result was great.Yes, I can chat in a good community after all.
yeah the same feelings man
The goal is not far from us, friendsOkay, let's do the last sprint to speed up our pace, victory is on the wayHey man, what's new?
To get level 15 first. Yours ?
Love this artwork
sick project
We still can do it
ready to chat endlessly in this chat
Everything is going to work out, you'll seeIt's actually insane, it's just mesmerising watching him play when he's having a good game
This chat is crazy!! And this project looks dope!!
pizza is the best food
thats nice
Keep up guys
lets go!!!!1!
If you got a DM just ignore it! They will never DM you first! Don't click on any links or something like this! Just a little reminder . Please be safe
Where do y live?
How do you deal with postpartum depression?
How are your plans for today? 💢
cant whate
Any new info?
What would be the best and worst part of being a cat in your opinion?
This project
to the moon everyday bro)
Are you guys just as excited aas I am?!
total support!
sneak peaks r fireeee
I Like being here
how old are you?
What is the best way to save up money? Why?
Right, yeah.
No days off guys, we can do it!
Maybe then we could get some work doneLet's hope luck comes your way
The chat is going so rapid here! LFGGG
To the moon
hypeeee
will be any quiz today also ?
gridn hard bois
who is from which country?
I want believe in that bro
The project have the best art everr!!!
Good luck to all!!!!Cooing!!
i  do not believe that it s so cute
nice keep waiting, i hope you can get it soon
stay active in chatting, as much as you can.
Together we can do everything
It works only at a certain time mate check announcements
dont stop ill see everyone on the moon
It's a secret
it will fly
lfgggg
so we are mad here lol
Hello hello how was your day dear mates
i heard that ben is forming his own band.can you play a musical instrument? if you can , he might ask you to join the band.
Whаts а bеttеr cаndwlе smеll.  Vаnillа аlmonds or wаtеrfаll mist?
So you can work yourself back in here again?Don't click or open any DM's, they will never DM you first! Please notice that there are a lot of scammers!
and you?
What an amazing opportunity!!!
Good morning guys how are you??
Rest is for the weak
its a crazy amount of ppl in here
road to lvl 15 lol
hiiii, how are u doing ??
Good work in language presupposes and depends on a real knowledge of things
Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, be fortified by it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it
hype it up people!
Nice one, yeah it seems good so far. I would really like to see some more sneak peaks atm we only have the one Sloth, but the project isn't until feb so a long way to go yet
congrats
And the invite link still not fixed 😅
This project is more than making a whitelist. I think it’ll be a worthy investment to follow even for those who don’t make the whitelist
Doing good mate
how did you all guys know about this projectShe was hungover and tired, with a roiling stomach and headache, yet she managed to make it to work before the breakfast rush xD?
Do you think that money is happiness?🤑
What kind of cryptos are people into?
It's beautiful
which coin is the most promising in your opinion?
I`m fine
i didnt stay on this journey this long for that
The hype is insaneLet's go together !
What is the weather in you sity?::
wen moon
great project
When they will open 4th phase of wl?
just wait on the flooors for these... wild
guys please check the #announcements for important information
Successful people are the ones who can think up stuff for the rest of the world to keep busy at
just not playing no game in the NFT world
lfgI'm slacking
hello guys how are youhello guys how are you
Don't lose hope ladies and gentlemen! I believe in you!
who spends their holidays
this is fun we should do it more often
I'm so happy to see you! 🎯The passing minute is every man's equal possession but what has once gone by is no longer ours
It's so cool project
Hope you will keep going in the right way
Tell me some interesting stories ... I'm just tired of reading the same thing. We need to dilute these dialogues with something)
going to be?ccaanntt  wwaaiittt tfto
wl for life. go for it
Behind the furnitures 😂
Keep grindingmoon
eyo man!
dev plz do something to the bots!!!
i mean the best you can do is just being avtive in here and support the ppl
Hello allhello all
LFG! tһіѕ рrоject iѕ sο dοрe :heart:
Aight thanks
Haha, in case the European emperor enters the body.Stay all night together, buddy.
**who's from where?**🇷🇺 🇮🇹 🚀 🤑
take care
t doesn't matter.
this project looks promising lol
You can use a medium or a fine grind for thisYes I love the vibes over here , hope to get a spot with u guys
no sleep gang wya?
Sap
Come on, we all can do it
Ofk
I love color purple
I can already taste this victory
amazing people
Hello Friend
Hello guysHow are you doing?
yea keep fighting, we can have it
i like pizza
i'll have lvl 10 by tomorrow just watchsheesh this chat is POPPING
i need whitelist
Where was your secret hiding place as a child?
Don't lose hope ladies and gentlemen! I believe in you! 👏
good vibes
And what is this fierce asset in the quiz? For them, wl do they get it?
who is at what lvl?
this is the project i worked the hardest to get in
we mooning
wowowowo
I'm good i love the positive energy here yes share some love ♥️ 💪
tһe аrt іѕ inѕane! We going to tһe moon for sure!
I invited some friends here i hope they will join
active chat is what we need ,  grind guys and chill
moon
Really hoping to get my first WL ever!
Lets go, keep up the hype 🙌
I got here I think about a week ago and just scoping the vibes. Felt comfortable so I thought I would interact today ❤️
How's everyone here? I hope you are all doing great! Let's get wl in phase 4
Who wanna talk with me
This chat is incredible! Here it is crazy to see how much people want to get into the WL
dont sop grinding
I can't believe how long I've been doing this lmao.
If you are finished with me, I have work to doAppreciate you too brother!! wwish you get it soon!
be active togetherWhat are your New Year's resolutions.The harder you work, the luckier you get. Good luck is reserved for those who work hard.
So, im planning to invest 1+ eth in this collection.
yoooooooooo
How are you guys?
exponential growthhh
Im feel so sleepy omg
It's really working and liverI still have to go to school and study hardFor the project, I must win,
the art of this project is amazing
Maybe i take a pause for having some lunch
Do you think I'm actually a native English speaker or just learning it? are there any mistakes in the sentence?
Too muchh bot heree
Lessgooo, everyone is hyped up
ahah
very soon
I like the guys in this chat, everyone communicates a lot
No liver to sleep!!  Come on sprint
how you doing?
So we have to get to level 60 now?...
ok good !!! lеts hopе it stауs thаt wау or just movе
hey hey
we almost get the wl bro, never give up to us🔥
My wallet is ready 🙂
mental wellbeing is important , take a break if needed to ❤️
Hang in there!
Wow, you're white too
Score twice before you cut once
how much coffee helps you?
Wow nice! I have family in Australia and NZ, i'm in the UK, Early sunday morning here lol how long have you been in this discord for?
not bad thanks
Do you often have parties?
Good picture...i love it...thanks buddy
yeah bro know
Whats up my friends!How's everyone doing here? ☝️
Ahahahahahha so what
:DDD Work for me too
keep going mates need some fresh air outside brb
What famous English writers do you know?
wen lambo
our hype is 💪
you may read it in whitelist-rules
Hahaha so sometimes you really can't hesitate too long
How did new year?
bulls to the fkck moon
Pump and dont dump
what time do u have now
every man who is here from the start have a chance to get whitelist
lfg!!!moon
It will open in next 8 hours
need refreshment
how are u guys doing?
hey fam what mints u looking out for
add me if you wanna talk more or just dm im down to talk about anything
flew into space
One thing everybody in the world wants and needs is friendliness and this is what I found here!
Upgrade firstwe need  more lv
This server growing fast
positive vibes guys
Hell yeah it is
GOD bless
When he is done, you will go back to work and forget all about us 💫
letsgooooo
love this place
hmm
im fine, and u ?
Absolutely, diamond hands my friends! Hodl always
More life
need wl
too much grind ahhah
dont spam
It seems that pure chat can't be white, is it really useful for you to roll like this?Haha, just keep being active.
he repeats stay hydrated so much
Wine bottles cost 'bout a couch, you on the way with a wave
moreeeI cant wait for the nfts to drop
Good luck everyone
2022 best year ever lfg!
I am proud of you
so hyped for presale
Nice to meet u Today I am write to , /getlink, but didn’t give a link, what is the problem?
love this community from the bottom of my heart
lol too fast already, cant find back my reply..
How are you today
Nobody wants to be on a sandy beach next to an azure lagoon now?
Best project
There are good people and founders behind this NFT project guys you are at the right place
Yes! I like pies so much.
Ӏm lоving tһe look οf tһіѕ аrtwοrk very һigһ quаlity!
Love this nft 3D models. Are the best one in the NFT scene!
Hi how are you
i want  my WL , hope soon
lets go this project is going to be great
I really hope to get into the Whitelist that would be huge for me especially with this nice Art
Nearly everyone I know (including me) believes they should be more selfdisciplined. And one very simple definition of selfdiscipline isdoing what you know you need to do. This is where Morita therapy can be very helpful, because it eliminates the complexity of trying to get your feelings/thoughts in sync with your actions. How do you feel when you get out of bed in the morning? I almost always feel tired, lethargic, heavy, sluggish. When I get out of bed (usually around 5:30am) I virtually never feel energetic and raring to go! But I take my feelings of tiredness and sluggishness with me as I leave my bed and walk to the bathroom. This is what Morita therapy is trying to teach us to take our unpleasant feelings with us as we do what is important to do. Rather than allow our lives to be directed by our feelings, we are guided by the important purposes that present themselves as we move forward. Feelings don't get discarded, but neither do they run the show, please read this careful and think about it ❤️
same here haha i will keep on playing until like im so old haha, just so in love with the game 📢
hello team
hi guys how u doing?
Consistency is key, people keep going it will takes time but it will be worth it!
do u guys like pie
I want to tell this good news to my familyI've always been active here
how much is enough bro
i am so love this project
wassup
more people are catching up man
What are you up to?
nice price? what is mint price?
wish me a good luck please
The project looks super Lit!
Meow
Thanks! I am from sydney australia..yourself?
The project looks impressive
but what's next?
waitin for another sneakss
Eh, I'm on the phone and I can't reply to your messages, I hope those with whom I communicate will find their answer from my message histories
Well done friend
Thank God every morning when you get up that you have something to do which must be done, whether you like it or not. Being forced to work, and forced to do your best, will breed in you temperance, selfcontrol, diligence, strength of will, content, and a hundred other virtues which the idle never know <3, let's be all grateful!
Do you know jollibee
Ha ha, nice to meet you
guys dont open any DM they are all scam!!
Feel pitiful
wazzup homies
lets get it
Let s reach 11 lvl
hey
what happened last night
What law have you broken the most in your life?
hey hye buddy how you doing today?
I hope to change a color today.
that is stressful!
when bro 😄
We will take this goal guys
Whаts а bеttеr cаndlе smеll.  Vаnillа аlmоnds оr wаtеrfаll mist?
Is anyone involved in any other projects?
Chat moving too fast
Yesss let’s gooo
i hate bots, i want make moneylol
I will do the same for you mate. Good luck! Where are you from anyway, is it late or early where you are?
Hello 💯 👋
That kind of smile that makes the news
Some people are still unaware that reality contains unparalleled beauties. The fantastic and unexpected, the everchanging and renewing is nowhere so exemplified as in real life itself
no sleep gang
gj
good luck!
I heard that this project is very good, let's play togetherI have wine, do you have a story?I'm tired and need to work hard. I can't be poor anymore
I want to listen to Drill and drink beer
we are going to spread information about this community everywhere
how you
Should be, crazy liver
hahaha thats the way keep up the positive energy
vevegang
Im from iran
im from the us
Gm guys
Good luck to all!!
Wooooow, I am fucking hyped. It is exactly same as crypto bull society. By holding bear, automatically get crypto bear 10th of Fevruary. And, i will get one astonishing male. Strongly support this project.
Hello everyone how are you all are doing?Hi, are you all ready for a big grinding day of levelling up?
**Welcome newcommers**commands to
please dont grind for too long everyone... always put ur health at priority :)
I love bearslelwenmoon
poppy or cfs?
mods also working hard
Yes bro, i added you, you can kindly send me some cool stuff u make! Im excited to see😎😎
yeahh never stop man we need to keep going as always
if the gender is less than 1eth, then I do not know what I will do with myself
cheers to this community
lets keep the chat flowing!how can I use a discord boost?
ahh okay
Im planning to watch new James Bond movie.
This community makes this project brighter
If you are finished with me, I have work to do
What men call social virtues, good fellowship, is commonly but the virtue of pigs in a litter, which lie close together to keep each other warm ❤️‍🩹
Don't forget to drink enough water 🤓Take over the entire world to the moon fam, let's fly together!
Not like that dude
who has how much time left before level 7?
you join here for a long time
You're awesome
plz tell me first 500
Russia Moscow,  and u?
Thanks boy 👊🏽 im good today wbu
I feel the same way, maybe because of the good atmosphere in this community, so I can't even realize it, and I may forget the time after chatting.Are there so many people? Haha, do you want to rest for a while?
I will hold this
Human reason has this peculiar fate that in one species of its knowledge it is burdened by questions which, as prescribed by the very nature of reason itself, it is not able to ignore, but which, as transcending all its powers, it is also not able to answer
I really love stickers
Everyone here deserves to be in the whitelist
What have you already done and what are your plans for the evening?
i m  just  chatting with u to be happy and WL ofc ,  it s ok
How long have you been in crypto?
Getting it done
hype
I think this project has a great future
if u need invites, DM me !add me as friend first !
grind for the exp chat is so tiring...
presale lessgo
I bought many gifts for my family on NFT, thanks all
our hype is strong
Maybe someone need my help ?
he is perfect
To get whitelisted you need to invite 10 people and engage with community \
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved, keep working boys and girls! I am here to movitivate and inspire you, we can do it!
ah okay
Just got to believe and you’re half way there. Just keep pushing
GrindingMessages only
I already want to sleep
Why the floor drop, good time to buy, or anything going on?
I need more messages
heeyy!! congrats!!!
Good luck!
Yes xs already the head hurts something
We don't have any choice, only run in opposite directions.
Leggggo harrrry
I am good and wbu? ;)?contribute to the community with fan arts or memes i think this will increase ur chance gettin wl
You can also tell me about the project, I will listen too
we gonna make itso excited about the project
hey mаte, im really gοοd, һbu?
It has nothing to do with rank.
It's pretty alright, its just a lot of projects and assignments
I can make this workYou can use a medium or a fine grind for this
Wl will my
hi buddy, how're you?
neHello Everyone!
I love this project too
Just keep moving forward guysso many new people today
haha road to WL)
How can we tell when we get points lol?
Good day
Hype here is already beyond anything!!!
Thank you guyss
fingers crossed. It is wagmi season so I will stay optimistic for us both ❤️
You will? 😳
Yoo bruuhh
To the top with you guys
Where i can create a ticket
What's up people, who is grinding?
i just cracked my back and it was insane
We need the hype on this!
beautiful tank you
Welcome back mate!
I want to create NFTs like that!
u can make it, mate
Hаhаhаhа rеаlly? Thаt’s funny
I'm closer
Woahh nicee, wish you all the best so you can finish it as soon as possible. What major do you take? 🔰
What do you know is bad for you but you continue to do it anyway?
Thz
Still can't generate an invite dafuq is going on?
Working guys
Yep, its gonna be ultra rare
amazing
xaxaxaax
Have a good day, guys
could use some help changing profile name
these sneak peaks got me actin up
love the 3D art, so sick
Hahahah yes exactly lmao! I like the idea of full minting through WL so everyone who helps the project gets a chance, but very few projects do that and i'm not sure why. Could be 100% WL sale
do not stoooop
Where are you from?
ineed whitelist
whats up squiggles ❤️
Long time no see
diamond hand
i love this art!
Looking forward to the second project
need it 2 bro keep grinding
just write something
Yes sure mate,really excited about this
wow i need orange fam good luck
this community is insane lol
wasssuppp
never give up boys and girls
This community is insane af
Who has what lvl?
In the long run, we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving 🤩
Hey guys, it was like love on the first moment this projct looks amazing 🤑
I have to write to , /getlink in 11 a.m? what time zone?
15 lvl  looks like impossible ,  but u will see
Grinding all day, don't stop!
Solid Art!
cool art guys
Sameee
Yes, so don't work too hard, you guys have a break and I'll work hard.Believe in yourself, if you don't believe in yourself, who else will believe in you.
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of payments xD
nice one!This grind is intense
I ve never seen the project better than this
we can do it!
so basically u need to be active right?
is going to banggggwhwahta td od yoo uy oug guuyys tshi tnhki nakb oufl otohre p prroijceec t?is
Waiting for the moment to witness the miracleSpeed ??up our pace, victory is aheadThe harder you work, the luckier you get. Good luck is reserved for those who work hard.
How is the study lighted?
we’re all in this together
Yes sir :3
Srsly.How do you create an invite link?
How’s y’all crypto looking today thugs
These are just peaces of art!
let's help the project take off
come on
Chat chart moooning
to the moonnnn
thank you my friend and how is youre day where are you from
Yes, friend
We're on fire
it is
Please tell me, I'm very interested, I would be happy to hear from you
does anyone like playing poker
good project
hahahaha hope so
Please no spamming just to get xp. They do look into the messages people send for the WL spots. LetвЂ™s make this community great again. Lol. See what I did. Some people might get that and some wonвЂ™t. Either way letвЂ™s engage and having meaningful, helpful conversations
wdym?
Yes, i know
Hi guys. For new members, I wanted to let you know that you are in the right place
Who 's doing what ?
all information on obtaining can be viewed in a special section, but the main thing is a high-quality asset
Keep it up bro, I support you
you are so fast bro
Remember, admins will never DM you! Stay safe !
I'm great too
Holaaaa!
Many ppl are not always good sign))) QUality PPL are more valuable than quantity
It's too hard. I've never worked so hard before
Have a great day coming ahead to all of us! The gloves protect my feet from excess work.t!!
Stay positive guys!
Who's hungover? Who are you talking to?
This is not at odds with gaming
i like this project so much
The oldest are 60 years old
yes of course, but going in nfts is a good way to not work too much either
goooo We wildin
What other relevant sales are there now?
at least im hoping for that haha
Such a good & active community, I feel glad to be in here with you all!
Now I have to get to workhi everyone
Best of luck to you too buddy! I know that we can make it!
That's it, the last message and I'll definitely go to bed)
hope dream does come true
YEah its crazy! Wait until some of these young sloths have kids hahah
what have you guys been up to today?
I love four cheese
A scam comes to me in discord very often ... Is it possible to block it somehow, or do something about it?
What animal do you think best reflects your personality?
wow guys u crashes my discord
I am waiting for my mother to finish work and I can call her and talk to her, because I haven’t talked to her for a long time, since we are at a distance. What about you ?
So many people
hows yall day
Guys, i can spam?
hello everyone) Glad to be here with you finally !
Where are u guys from?
Do you like pizza
Okay, thank you. Got it.
how are we doing on this fine day?
уеаh I will nоt sеll right оut thе gаtе.
Yeah so stoked kinda reminds me of Galyverse
Good fuel
do any of you work?
sheeesh
let's go guys
netflix or disney+?personally netflix is better. more content.
it's okay there will be more opportunities in the NFT space!
what do you mean?
hope everyone has a good day
Yes i know, i find it very hard to get WL, some of these guys are active 24/7 asnd manage to get to level 15 in a day or two lol it would take me a few days/week to get to level 15 man. I work full time and have kids so trying to get WL is very hard for me lol
wanna sleep
keep grinding boyzzz
It will open at 11a.m
Yeah artist is pure talent
WOW
fill the levels
anyone seen the superbowl?
Damn, I need to go out and really breathe
why do you think so?
Just don't sell for a loss
ideas about floor ?
Hi everyone, who can help me? Pls tell, how to get link for invite
She was hungover and tired, with a roiling stomach and headache, yet she managed to make it to work before the breakfast rush xD
keep hypeee
dude the sneak peaks are amazinggggg
Let’s do thisss!! Woohoo!!! This is awesomeee.
Thank y so much for support. We can do it together!!
I'v not seen such sick designs for a while
i love it
im ready to get the ticket to the moon
Guys, I feel money...
100k just for 1 day!
This chat is blowing up rn !!!
I really love that community everyone is helping each other 👐
It takes a long time to mix, and it will be fine.But I also have to stay active.
Don't spam people, if you spam you will get banned!
am waiting for NFT!Happy and meaningful day of grinding guys. LFG!
Ya be waking up when I get sleepy 🥲😪
solid project for me. I am holding 2 of themguuys what do u think about oxya?
we can do it! keep going!
see you at the moooon
LFGOOOOOO
I think a lot of guys just love me
Hard to keep up with the flying chat
faster chat ever seen
Absolutely, but it's not an easy game at all
love this community
Don't repeat your speech, the system will automatically put on the spam identity
Fall seven times and stand up eight.
best community
How is your life? How are you doing?
loving the sneak peaks rn
just does it all
Good luck too
Trust me the grind will be worth!Retirement kills more people than hard work ever did, I hope I can motiviate everyone here
I want to work hard to make money
rustam u here?
I never should have asked you to stay here while I was at work lmao
last sneak peeks was amazing
do not know
good night see you bro...have a good sleep
so excited about the projectdont sop grinding
Don't worry; everything will work out fineMiracles are simply those things which without overt intervention of the power and priesthood of God, we could not perform by our own strength or resource
What is your Dream job?
Welcome new members
Guys, don't click on the links in the DM
It’s incredible how fast the community has grown just wait till one more week passes wel be at 200k lol
stohiunsd sp rgojreeactt
I love this project!
believer  - one of my favorite songs
Can't wait for mint day
How r y’all doin today? Ready for new sneek peek?
im fine too, just stay at home. chat chill here
Too many people. Too much spams too.
How many overhead lines are left
This going to be the best project of the month
Chat is flying fast
I'm tired and need to work hard. I can't be poor anymoreBrothers step upAbsolutely hey, we're going through something so intense right now!
How I all the same got sweaty already to print, I probably need to go to sleep ...
Moderators, how are you?
Remember we are one big family, you, me and everyone!
Real hype project
How can you write so much and not get tired?) Are you people cyborgs or what?)))
Help me with the link please
🔥🔥🔥
I think the floor will be around 2,0 ETH.
What's your opinion on tipping?
Galleries will sometime give discounts to collectors because sometimes they’re rewarding a collector who’s been loyal or sometimes they’re trying to build [a relationship] with a new collector. So do your research.
You should let them work it outA little work is good for convalescence
not yet giving up, and wont give up at all. good luck for us!
The project is very good, the fashion circle and the meta-universe integration, in the future to be able to show themselves in fashion in the meta-universe, I am very excited to think about it, and I look forward to it
chat is chilling out man
this is the way
He has a free consecration
Nice to meet you all
hello everyone
i never see such active general lets explore the hype
outstanding project
Cryptoworld is amazing!
Less than 4 days
yeah bro of course
conggratsits crazy
Yup!  Ask and learn.  Don’t worry about asking stupid questions.  We were all new once.
lol wеll lеts mееt in pеrson аnd thеn уou cаn dеcidе! уou down or whаt?
bADASSSSS nftttr
sneak peak is wow
Pushing it as much as possible
Hard work is a prison sentence only if it does not have meaning. Once it does, it becomes the kind of thing that makes you grab your wife around the waist and dance a jig.
Let's go, little bears 🚀
need work a lot!
im fine, and you ?
Yes but just hopping I get in here! haha
i  m  sure  , this project wil  be rocket  ,  why  u  think so  ?
Dog lives don't matter anymore
Guys is there somebody got the WL,how long it takes?
everyones fav animal better be sloths haha
just got some food
I only can't understand why here are so many chats
chat on fire
Wow, the project gained such activity in a couple of days
how are you my friend? nice to see you around man!
whitelist will open again in a few hours
Same, I would bet it will come down to .2 - .3 maybe
Yes, I'm already sitting here
Its impossible to reach level 15
come on WAGMI lets go guys
Wish you have a pretty day
oh wow when it comes, we need to be ready haha
Never give up guys. We can do it :D
And they increasing required level💔
Ayeeeee this project is so lit🔥
Let’s take this to the moon!!
this chat is crazy lol
LFG guys
If the people will lead, eventually the leaders will follow 😄
going crazy now can't wait the launch
thank you guys
And good projects are generally strict.They all came out to be active, and everyone was watching.
we are together with our routine and we can do too much, together we are a force
Let's hope luck comes your waywhy do I not have luck like this lol. I assume a wallet transfer maybe?
welcome GOAT
The army bird is looking insane holy moly , I feel so blessed to saw the project so early! 😱
mb some quiz games will be, or giveways?
how are you doing
morning everyone
Good luck to all!!!
everyone please dont forget to stay hydrated and eat lots! <3
Perfect work
so good
1 more hour until 15 lvl
i little bit dranked by  bear
keep it coming
so nice
Are you fond of having friends in?
ahhahaha for reall
to the moon dont give up
so many of us
lg
Hope to finally get that desirable role
LFG
go get em
NFT's are bullish atm they are all selling out and loads of people jumping in, looking for for this year so far IMO
HI
haha ta thats why we are here, btw the spots is decreasing very fast TT
yes, already 10 hours
NFT images are great, i would like to hold them before they will go on the Moon.
Hello brother
dude this is like crypto byull society on steriods lol
What ur time zMan errs as long as he strivesne broHype
you brighten my day
lets keep it up guys
Keep going fam, i've been just grinding all week
How to be green?
I’m ok
hi everyoneIt is amazing how much bots are already banned! That project is doing a very good job! 🤖
Haha
ima bring out your floor quote once again ig
What are u think about new  requirements for wl?
how are you guys
yes mate im still in college but im in my final year
hope that this project will reach the moon
Let’s make money
every ape to the moon
i love this artcongrats....
that's good!
Hey man, what's your lvl at the moment? Mb I could give you some advices, why not
go guys keep it coming
Oooooh
How are you friend?
omw to lvl 10 just watchanyone watch any cool shows recently?
What do you consider to be the smartest thing you've ever done in your life so far?
what does this mean
What would the floor price be on this project?
Welcome back, how about today?Pleasure that isn't paid for is as insipid as everything else that's free so let's have fun here with the community 🥴
the community is great here man
Who loves savory bebra?
any specific country
Do you need to choose the gas for the commission yourself, or will it be automatically selected?
Wish you all the best for phase 4
Where does who live and how is it?
this grind will be worth the time trust me
yes, it's already pretty light
Thank u!
no we not
hihi
this community just get bigger and bigger
hi boys
hopefully, it is wagmi season!
The project is excellent
Friеnd dаtе! hаhа Wеll imа gо mаkе Shnаck nоw!
Admins figure out something new, im glad for this
good morning gues !
Hey everyone
have you seen the latest spiderman?
Hey man, what's new?Don't forget me when it's ashore, I don't know when I can go ashoreI have wine, do you have a story?
Welcome to all the new members!This project will be the next cryptobulls!
Welcome to the new comers that came into this project!
anyone actually ever seen a sloth in real life
Let’s gosup fam
i love yall
hello guys
this is so perspective
bought a dunk recently, just fire, who loves anything at all?
how can i help you , bro
I 'll go to the street to go out at night
This is the next blue chip guys :rocket:
In two quizzes, I was the second one who answered correctly. Unfair 😦
Wow
And the great part is this is the genesis project from him on galyverse. So every future one will help the notoriety of the eagles 💯
just don't stop guys, never stop
200 iq...
Yeah definitely
keep ur dream come true
hi guy
Who watching the Barca game?
sheeeesh
How to get wl?
My eyes was tired, but I don’t wanna stop grind
then how old are your parents?
Well hello everybody 🤟🏻What do you guys think about this project?
Don't hope so, think my chances trough been active are way better to receive the wl 🧩
We are all miserable people, and we eat takeout every day.Believe in yourself, you will succeed, and now you are active.
Who loves football
hi hi
laters
Team + Community + ArtThe art is really beautiful
im tired
The strictly logical mind is usually if not always at fault in its valuations of that defiantly illogical thing known as human nature ✨
where are u from guys?
The most hyped projective seen chat is burning
pretty good
What is money to you?
стоооп мох
good luck everyone
Where you from guys ?
I hope the project is great)
I wish everyone to get into the rafl!
You have to go all in! It will be a long grind but I hope everyone is enjoing it! How long are you grinding already?
best community ever
daaamn mate that sucks i feel sorry for u
🔥
rocketdo it
sloths gmi
Lets get ittt
Why
Follow insta guys
did u guys love this project?which projects you guys op to this days??
Great one guys
Anyone who doesn't make mistakes isn't trying hard enough.The biggest mistake is not to try to grind! You will regret that 🗣️
certainly a while lower back we just had 2k people
the vibe in here sheesh
Yooooo
very good
This project gonna sky rocket lol
It will man, do not worry
So I’m really interested
Anyone going to saleyour NFT if get it?
Hi guys, how you lvl?
Not everything that is more difficult is more meritorious 🤪
Why tiger? What are you talking about anyway..
i wish all of u get wl guys!
good luck brother !
Yes I love the vibes over here , hope to get a spot with u guys
yeah bro
heyy whats up
ahahahaahahha
I wish you all the greatest things, hope you are doing well and have a nice day! 🧐
Keep going bro, you'll be eating Lobster soon enough
tomorrow hope to  get  good news
Wish I had the talent to create artwork like this. Unbelievable
Yes so
recently the market is okay
Really nice to see so many people involved.
song recommendations?
What happened brother?
How do you feel about modern turnips and the rap game in general?
let's help the project together and put a picture of tigers on the net
Where are the positive vibes? where is the passion? where is joy? where is the mood?
wat da mint price?
its really possible to get 3phase? ))))  look not!
That ramen was so good!!
Love to see the hype game?
Hey everyone, I hope everyone is keeping well and has had a great new start to the year, it was certainly the perfect way to start the new year off by finding this project for me! I have been researching into a lot of projects recently, and this one by far stands out the most! Great community and a solid roadmap, with a team who knows what they are doing is an absolute recipe for success! may all of us and this project have great success!
The number of dis is almost 60,000
Stick with it and you have a chanceThose who lag behind will be beaten
This chat is blowing up!!!
I invest in wax and eth
i cant wait to mint this project
Thаt would bе somеwhаt rеаsonаblе .
Hows are you? Any plans for today?
we got this!
yes
dope
this chat is so quiet...
What's happening
very excited now
Help out in the community if you can :)Chats so fast
I bet this is best nft collection
ty
I'm new here
yes let do this let grind harder
everyone is spamming here lol what is the tip my g
chat is flying too, very good
Check at 4PM UTC
keep going guys!!
We gonna make it one day homies
cant wait for mint date
so hype
I'll go for a walk later
I think this chat have a lot of bots
Is covid become serious in ur country?
Apply as soon as possiblenegn
we can do that
cant keep up with this chat
tomorrow please🥳
link me your fan art i want to seeTrust me the grind will be worth!
What's up everyone I am back for the grind!!Honor and shame from no condition rise; Act well your part, there all the honor lies
Hey when can i get invite link?
we got this guys
As long as it can be white, it's worth it no matter what, brother.Yes, everything that can be white is the best, and there is no way to be white.
what do you thinkgogoog we go to the moon yep yep yep yep Lmaooo lfg
Lets talk about bitcoin
feeling good?
haha, just wait for the gate to open!
The most intense conflicts, if overcome, leave behind a sense of security and calm that is not easily disturbed. It is just these intense conflicts and their conflagration which are needed to produce valuable and lasting results. My eagle fam I hope you know what I mean 😄
I know the work is hard and the weather is forbidding at times, but do you know how lucky you are? 😇
mb
Hype
Wow so fast here
Absolutely hey, we're going through something so intense right now!Waiting for the moment to witness the miracleJust keep working and talking to each other and you'll be successful
I think I saw somebody talking about lobsters. I certainly hope it was about cooking. But then again there could be a lobster NFT that I’ve never heard about
go fire this place
Someone say slow
Hope will be later
Ӏ'm verу gοod and Ι'm stіll exсіted tо be һere hаhа hоw аbout уоu? іѕ all gοоd tоо?
cooing hard workers!!
real vibes here, and i apprecciate it
Stay active and chat with the community. Mods are watching. If you are genuine you will make it🙌🏼
hello how are you bro
we are not stopping here
thanks, i'm good
How much do you have 1 litho be
I want level 15
Ok bro, I am going to check yours
hopefully they expand the roadmapto the moooooon
yeah that`s hot
Most of those who have succeeded in life can trace their success back to the essential education they obtained from parents, teachers and/ or friends
I want to understand your mentality
man how you doing! It's night here Im fine! 🔱
Damn I'm starting to close
stay hydrated dont forget to drink water
I wish you all a nice day! Stay healthy!You can do it! Turn your dreams into reality brother! keep going as always 🎉
Oh gosh, all kinds of stuff!
I don't believe this has been announced yet
yes i am right here to make frens and nice to meet you!!
we're just chilling and having fun here bro
can Cat actually swim guys?
yeah its fire af
Hope rest of the fam is doing well guys
Impossible imo, the chat is full of spams. And there's possibilities that you are spamming too.
The chances are slim it will workwhy do I not have luck like this lol. I assume a wallet transfer maybe?
good luck everyone!
control  yourself man
Hi how are you?
Yeah it is!! How are you sis?
som1 from Moscow?
you guys good?
I don't have solutions to make this workI am ashamed of confessing that I have nothing to confess and wbu? 😜
I hope the epidemic will pass soon, so that we can go everywhere again
what about this project?
im watching avatar right now lol
so hard to get WL spot
The level is not so easy but possible, just don't give up and have fun with the community!
I need to sleep but not going to stop 😛
Is the date of the mint already known and the price of nft?
Accept life as it is. Then work to make it the way you want it to be
guys if we done how we get wl otomotic🤔
We increase the levels, do not rest!
just one?
positivityyyyyGood luck everyone
Is there anything that most people find cute that creeps you out?
don't stop friends
Who hasn't eaten yet
hope i can get wl soon
Sheeeeesh
prepare for the worst, hoping for the best hahah.
I'm not opposed to technology, I simply enjoy the work 😝
How do I get a link to an invite? After all, it is not issued (
Stop spam. It doesn't work that wayHe is wisest, who only gives, True to himself, the best he can: Who drifting on the winds of praise, The inward monitor obeys. And with the boldness that confuses fear Takes in the crowded sail, and lets his conscience steer 💭
Or you charge per misttewk
let's spend more and more time here!
I need WL !! 🤯 👀
the chat is going crazyyy
ohhhh dаmmmmmm mаn wеll donе mаn👀
guys dont open DM
just got some food lets gooo
Guys, TURN OFF DM ⚠️
To the moon, baby, to the 10 lvl
the great project to be part of !! really keen to participate in this project!!
hope you all are doing well today <3
Your grinding skills are very good, but mine are not bad either
fresh man fresh blood
lvl up
Who wants to climb Elbrus?
Lets do it together guys
gas could be low or could be high
I live near VDNKh from Moscow brother
turn off your dms guys
welcome all new members lkets grind
one of the best projects ever, if ur new here.... keep grinding
Dont give up
Lets go! I want my mint hardcore
yikes!
I want to go to Mars guys
Go for it dude!!
Just keep working hard we will get it
waitinn
Yes, a good community is worth maintaining and contributing together.Let's hold on till the end, brothers.
When mint date?
does anyone know how one can become a moder in project prototypes? there are vacancies somewhere, just or from the first you need to go into the server and be active
yeeeah, we going upp
Add a smiley to this message!
i close 13 lvl
I will do my best to keep this community that friendly and powerful
Holaaaa
how much are you going to buy ?
been a long week with work, but one more day and we’re done!!
Wow that’s dedicationbonjour
wagminever stop grindin
cant read all the infowe Hygpoienrsg ltooth sth meo omoonooinn
stick around man, we might just get a shot at this. lets gooo!
I hope things will work out all right.
Actually the trend its 3D NFT
The whitelist spot is not available for now. Wait for the next phase
morning man how u doin
if u need invites, DM me!
are u smoking sigarets  ,  marlboro  red my  fav !
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will
what are you guys doing for a living?
remember to take care of ur health too. health > moneyHey Guys
lets get to it people!
Liver, liver
it's a good idea. here it is remember to give it back to me tomorrow.hey，buddy! hey!what r u doing ?
it is so fast i cant tag some1
keep your heads up
let’s go!
So laggy hahaha
Good morning beautiful sloths 🙌🏻
hai
can  not find place for art
hoping for WLL
Which do you like better, pancakes or waffles?
nice
How are you guys
sheeeessh
Any Netflix recommendations
Helllooooo
I heard that this project is very good, let's play togetherWe're going to the moon, strapped to a rocketBrothers step up
hoping you all are doing so fine
Best community ever!!! I am so glad to be here
6&à LEVEL MORE
go fam
grasp the good opportunity
Nah, we have a good time here.
good to see this type of growth
Let's get to work today and talk tonightI got on the last project I grinded not into the WL. For a moment, off balance, was I annoyed? Anger is always fear, I thought, and fear is always fear of loss. Would I lose myself if he made those choices? It took a second to settle down: I'd lose nothing. They'd be his wishes, not mine, and he's free to live as he wants. The loss would come if I dared force him, tried to live for him and me as well. There'd be disaster worse than life on a bar stool ❤️
Going to get drunk if I get my WL
What's something that you know you should start, but haven't?
all just great
We all got this we’re going to kill it
how are you ?
I'm running out of wordsYou guys really talk
man don`t stop!
How do you assess the work of Tarantino? I just watched a few of his films and I still can't go back.)
why you hungry ?
Why haven't I received an ow with 2 invites and 3 levels yet?
no nid to rush guys, we are still early
Any more? cry
nightowls!
Honor and shame from no condition rise; Act well your part, there all the honor lies
why can't I fall asleep at night, and in the morning I don't want to leave the bed
I don't what do you think guys but I think the best strategy is to catch the project earlier and this is something difficult to achieve
we can do it! how are you mate?
We are awesome
how are you
We need to work harder, more
It doеs, you just good to bе pаtiеnt!
no need to reduce cd
Which are the most prestigious professions today?
To get these
The project has a strong  base
Thanks
Oh, just the usual
😍😍
lets chat
pioneer gang lfg
Keep up the grind guys! Don't forget why you started
Glad to hear🤩🤩🤩🤩
So many new users
Moon soon
Heyyy how are yiu this morning??
something inspiration is falling, we need to change the playlist))
The chat is lot is on fire
Yessss we got it!!!
Im doing great, how about u?Let that sink in: By dividing work up among people so they could specialize, we went from bows and arrows to Apollo moon missions
pinoy pride!
soo anyone know ayran
this project keeps gowing and growing
Would it be possible for you to give my some other details trying to understand if this is a short or long term project? Thanks a lot
many from moskow?)
Not a bad project
xp is per minute right?alright cool
You need to stay active, invite your friends to join if you can, and you will have a chance to be whitelisted.Haha, just keep being active.
Ahahahahahha really bro?
yes buddy, love this project
We don't know for Phase 4 just yet, it was level 15
brother
If they didn't try to make this grind he would regret it forever
coolKeep passion
well done see you at twelve lvl soon
hf
15 lvl
this is great
Good and you mate  lowkey was here when they had like 3K members but didn’t grind for it haha
aircon on haha so iunno if it’s hot or not
Idk, no one is.
this project is amazing
Each of us believes
enjoy your food bro!
not much, just chilling here in chat
This will be our next big opportunity to get these insane NFTs for a very good price!
I know ty
keep pushing dont stop now
is therre some lvl needed?
What do you guys think about this project?Toss me a whitelist spot 😂
wagmi!
if you look at it this way, there should still be a lot, a lot
Same here bro. How did you find this project
A little work is good for convalescenceStay positive, ladies and gentlemen!
i thought only 1 per wallet
food channel food channel
we can do this
Ι just sаw the lаѕt ѕneаk peek, іt's іnsane!
it's time for our project
Man I'm omw brooo for real
good, on my way to lvl
I have some work to do to keep the Council out of your way 👊
what other similar cool collections you look at currently?
patience
chat!
Hye, how is everyone doing?lets go
Agree completely
this project is fantastic
Ahoj
i love you guys
Damn if i don’t get whitelisted i dont mind not getting in cuz yall aint no haters we all just grinding and vibing
oh
how you doin guys? Keep up the good vibe
Keep it going guys dont stop
how are we today!
i hope i will get wl, i really want to take part in this amazing project
How are you
Are you a stay-at-home or do you prefer to go out when you have some time to spare?
sneak peak is real fire in this project
Good luck guys 🍀
We'll be fine :smile:
Hey good morning, how are you feeling today?
Activity is so driveous.
lly nice to see so many people involved.
so skare
Best project in the game
stay positive and active guysss!Hi guys, how are you doing?
Hey to all new people, let's keep it up and everything will be great. Just enjoy that awesome jouney!
Of course, it will be chilly. It’s autumn now, so you need a tracksuit or a warm sweater and long trousers. Besides, don’t forget to take a small torch and a camera.
Who’s grinding guys?
Hееееу Fоlks tеll mе u аint grinding 12+ hоurs а dау... Tеll mе u аrе nоrmаl humаn bеings fоr mаjоritу оf dау PLS
ayoo
Leggo
lets continue to crash the server guys!!
yo every one","hi bro sup??
working hard here, but this project worth it to my opinion 🙂
true tho imagine no time it wud be horrible
I hope you set all a goal for today and reach it!
The world today speaks a great deal about love, and it is sought by many. But the pure love of Christ differs greatly from what the world thinks of love. Charity never seeks selfish gratification. The pure love of Christ seeks only the eternal growth and joy of others 💗
yeah thats true
Okay, let's do the last sprint to speed up our pace, victory is on the wayPersistence is victoryDon't leave regrets, step up our steps
Incredible energy in this chat!! I can’t wait to mint!
people get WL, will be sooo happy for sure
Sloths in my heart
Love 3D art projects
Dreams come true
Chat is crazy hahahah
Mooon
devs did fine job
I watch tik tok
Nice NFT
I love you all and I know if we both work at it we can get beyond this
This project is huge omg
Yeees I’m very happy bro
whhat yall think about the Baby ape project ?
so smoothy bro, just keep helping others
grinding hard
Ворк
health is wealth too remember to take care
I have been active all the time, why can't I be white.I'll upgrade right away, work hard.
Hope to get WL today
lol, don't talk other project, u meybe kick out by mod
Where online...
24th of february
i can not wait to  sleep  ,  may me soon go  to  sleep
Most of them are not "people" but bots.
yea, too much spam here that make me so annoyed as I can't have good conversation
Hahha awesome dear, everyone say to moon and you went beyond that
Yes this is a normal topic bro
im from germany wheres everyone from? this seems like a lovely community
Why mate?
What is your favorite food to eat? For example, I like Caesar salad, tar tar and lasagna)
Yuhhhh this one gone be BIG dawg any other projects you looking at?
yessir
My mom reads chats, please don't swear here.
nice to meet u again sir , what plan today??
Do you have a reoccurring dream?
I have some work to do to keep the Council out of your way
so what ur guys thinkin about this project??
Amazing project!!
Wow chat is going insanly fast
you are such a nice person!
Say positive things about other people, because positive words always return to the source
yess need to grow more
No, I'm sleeping, my head is not working
who needs help?
Winter, but i'm from singapore it's only hot humid hot humid
how about you
Wow, 133k in what 3 days? And technically over a holiday.
I'm coming to pick you up.
stop spamming it doesn't work that way 🌬️
Only three whitelists. Don't worry, haha.
Hi everyone
lets go sloth gang
this one for life
Hellо, goоd mоrning bro :grin:
you still do not need to do
but we have gyper active now
Oh man that sucks to hear they’re kind of using abuse of power over citizens, did you end up getting boosted and vaccinated?
there are a lot of slots still left i think
Grinding go
Heyy..what are you doing
Beautiful work
You’ll do great!
We're going to be fine :smile:
Ty to all
IDK I may be wrong
He is wisest, who only gives, True to himself, the best he can: Who drifting on the winds of praise, The inward monitor obeys. And with the boldness that confuses fear Takes in the crowded sail, and lets his conscience steer 💭
good morning to you all
lets grow
LEVEL "à LET4S GO§
Have a nice weekend everyone
If it really is so good, but I did not work hard
best vibes
How do you spend your weekends?
japanese quiz is also nice!
Have a nice day!
bruh mint date's so far away
Come on
good day
Good Sir waiting for whitelist and mint
we will become very rich.
U gonna make it next time
running new world while I watch the chat fly by.
who see the new spider man movie?
whats poppin ?
😂😂
Is the wl really closed?
what your level?
god bless everybodygo to the moon
so i can catch up
I'm from the Philippines and yes the government requires us now to get booster shot
what do you think after what rarity you will get a mint
Can’t wait to mint
Great
We all grind for the same, dont forget.
Say hi to…
Don't forget to spread the word on twitter
Good morning sire, have a great day ❤️
Let’s go brazy fam
Whаts а bеttеr cаndlе smеll.  Vаnillа аlmonds or wаtеrfаll mist?
I need to use restroom real quick)
who wanna play csgo with me
you guys blew me away with the art, gj!can't wait til this project launches we're gmi
I so much like this project
What rank are you?
since when the discord is creaeted?
Lol i saw a guys spammer he's just banned right now
hello bro
this chat is too lit
raf here?)
Same guys absolutely agree
We are not tired till we get whitelisted pal
hi how are you? this project looks so dope
when  i WL , where can i send my wallet ?
Keep up the strive Lets go chimp!!!Let's witness this great project together.
how many hours do u sleep when u grind ?
i have almost all to take a  part in whitelist!
i want wl to get into presale i rlly need this project it is insane
Remember: Don't click links in dm
Need that wl haha
drink a little red bull
Do u have any Netflix recommendations? 🤣
Thx gl u too
Give whom a hat?
why do I not have luck like this lol. I assume a wallet transfer maybe?
The joke on the Internet about me was not a very pleasant moment, of course
Take it slow, persistence is victory.Continue to live up, there is still a chance, everyone is active.
What are you listening to now? Does anyone know the famous Russian rapper Morgenstern?
LFg
its really hard to get 8 lvl
I am from winnipeg and you?
I just got the booster vaccine.
hi everyone
Good brotha just chilling at home rn what u doing?
What do you find attractive that others might find unusual?
How are you?
Okay I'm going to give you a hat
if i cant mint, i ll buy one on os for suregood manwe will oos immediatly for sure
gm guys how are you guys today?
Anyone new I am here and glad to help!! 👻
artwork is soo 🔥  love the detailWell hello everybody 🤟🏻
good morning hypersloths ❤️
yeah but there is always a way buddy! keep positive! i stay strong and have much time to invest in this beautifull project that i really like! and that is the main reason i put so much time in it!
where r u guys from??so excited about the project
its the gold one, i want it dude
It's still early don't worry  Look forward to the development of this project
come on! Come onIf anyone needs any help, please don't hesitate to extend your cute little hand right awayNew friends, if you don't know the rules, you can look at the announcement and the nail in the upper right corner
Wish everyone goodluck for there Spot
how long does it take to get 40 invites?
where are you from guys?
no spam
I'm thinking of going to eat pancakes with salmon.
i mean commuity is insane
To get in this project will be the best decision in your life
Be active first
Hyperchat
Keep going fam, we can reach the WL. Intellectuals are people who believe that ideas are of more importance than values. That is to say, their own ideas and other people's values
How's everyone doing here? ☝️Sandbox or Decentraland what would u prefer guyss?
Do you still have mandates or needing to get boosted where your from?
What are you doing?
just relax here and have fun in here
What do you usually do in the evenings?
Let's fly together to the moon! 💪Floor price my friend!
WL i am coming
Gm guys 🦥
who here loves coffee?
we can make it
dw bout it I just need coffee and im set to grind for the night
the wait continues my frined
What have you recently found to be ironic?
Admins are still working, i cant believe in this chill time.
Sus out the sneak peaks if you haven’t already guys
good luck to you all
chat is so fast
friend of you too
Hahahahaha
Ηard tо level but І belіeve in you mаte
Lets gooo! We need wl guys!
What’s good and the profile pic is fire. Makes me think about something I can’t quite remember
When open the invite link
love this community ❤️
really
I understand and feel the same way
How do you want to work this?Our work schedule encompassed seven intense days, Monday through Sunday
let's pump this up
Keep grinding! we are almost there guys
Have a good day hypersloth! Hope your day is  going great! Let's keep the hype up and spread positive vibes here. Stay positive and never ever give up! Love you all!
long time no see!
Ahahahaha
Keep up the good work everyone grind more and more.
Just finished to work today. What about you fam?
Amazing bro
ty for information
The best NFTs what i ever seeing before!!
🇼🇼🇼
Do you love winter ?
Mint date not yet announced mate
if u need invites, DM me!add me as friend first !
Understand
the grind is real
moon baby
ohh sheeesh
Let's get to work today and talk tonight
Hаhа lol, how do you usе it thеn?
It's I've been following the project since mint, they didn't let me mint, I was utterly disappointed and left
I wish you all a nice day! Stay healthy!
can i  join ukrainian  or russian  chat  ?
yeah we love to see it
Lmaoooguess you already know lmao i'll be here
I hope so, I'm gonna keep helping our community man
im fine too, just stay at home. chat chill hereI will work very hard for this NFT hopefully I will get one
And this is only one use case of many
Let go champ
The grind is real let's get it all doneIm into insta projects for a quick flip . And solid project for long term hold thats my strategy 🪄
ehii frensss
yupp vote for more sneak peek
Is the chat is on slow mode?
Just check out the channel they have pinned
Chat is so fast, keep going!
How are everyone?This comm is fire
I heard the gas fee will be 200 USD 😵
What do you wanna talk about? I can't think of anything since the chat is just full of spams.
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another, keep sharing love
Great man how are you!?
It's almost, I seem to have only used it for so long, of course, I don't know if I have liver ignorance, then I don't know.Be active and help newcomers to contribute, there will be a place for you.
Privet 👋🏼
wdym pal
Don't follow any advice, no matter how good, until you feel as deeply in your spirit as you think in your mind that the counsel is wise
well when there are that many people you have to put in some work 🙂
What song currently speaks to you the most?
How long have you been sitting here and what levels have you achieved during this time?
i am tired i am going to eat
Have a good sloth day
Probably your Kent
go to the moon
good artwork
2PM UTC tmr 🙂 quiz drop trust me
Work hard. Chat more
Me
Will do fam! Have a nice day.
Keep it up boyyss
let's talk about something guys
hope i get the role","How old are you?
Do you always plan your day beforehand?
What are the average commissions on air and what do they depend on?
in how ma
This is of course understandable, I understand that there are some specials. sites with which you can then withdraw profits?
Whats up my friends!I really hope all our efforts will be paid off big time
it`s finish time
I definitely do not it’s getting quite annoying because most governments are starting to extend it for no reason
i'll see u on the other site
What is your favorite movie?
I just need this whitelist man id do anything for it
good luck too bro
i m tired(
8-10 days hbu mate?
how was your day
this project is so cool
for sure mate, how do you got it?
Hii
cool man. Je parle peu le français
it happens just dont think about rushing there and you will get there
but I am not good in raffle thing , never won one
My fingers hurt😂
when is public sale??
I love all the activity
Do you like wearing face mask?
New economy, new problems, new ways to raise money, don't you think it's all too complicated?
g0od luck
it's very wonderful
Okay
What are you doing now all?
We're going to the moon, strapped to a rocketPersistence is victoryCongrats to all most of you for moving on
bruuuuhhhh
time is money bro lol
grind an be active here to be noticed by wonderful Mods here..
i remember people saying BTC $100K 2021i love GoT, that new sneak peak is insane
try to giving positive vibes and helping community!
`Keep Grinding Fellow Sloths`
Did you not see it in C-01?
just a bit longer we can do it
the Thing she made my day happy in this community
Going to the moon Kitty Fam!
I’m doing good wbu?
Lets go bro almost half way there already
hi huys i wish i beautiful day a each of you guys love u continue to buil this projet
indeed! now the only question remains! with pineapple?:D
project before mint and after i will hold my nft))) That's true really
for sure, need them in my collection
OPEn ticket !!!! lvl up, invites up!
don’t feel discouraged. they see you. just continue to stay active in the community and different servers. you got this.
can we have a swedish chat please??
thats awesome
How is your day?ohhh yeah right I also eat crab that way, do you have any plans for today?
dOnt STOP me NOOOW
anyone know how likely whitelist is when your lvl 20+
We going to the moon!!
I'm from germany and what abou you? 😤yea i can tell its my fortune year and its gonna be something diff for me
оhh nоt surе аnу mоrе хDD
Dοn’t give uр, we аlmost tһere, let’ѕ go
You're already 15 sir?? How aer you doing btw
Loving all of the NFT types
need more sneak peaks asap gets me so excited
Lucky you!
haha yes thats basic knowledge I would say 😂
Love the work you guys are putting
lets go theree
I've been supporting the team for hours, so the team can see me as much as I can.Scams are ramping up, stay vigilant!!!!
wow wow great chat here..)
What films have you watched recently, what did you like and what did not?)
tell us more about this project?
yessuhhhhhh
i love this project for infinity!!
Goalsgooo
There are still plenty of opportunities, don’t be in a hurry, your liver will get better soon, this is not urgent.We are all miserable people, and we eat takeout every day.
My aunt said that nft is complete bullshit and it has nothing to do with collecting, since pictures can be simply copied ...
The best !
How’s everyone?
grind
this project looks so cool! so many ppl i can't believe that!
how to i get WL guys
hellooo, hope you are okay and have a great day. don't forget to have fun (:
Kinda like the vibes here everyday
bruh do you know how many people print fake money ?
so how we doin guys?lets gooooo!
Guys, go go raid
Gogogoog
big facts
Amazing
There is a beaten opp on the ground
Let's hype this community
man im gonna hv to stay up for this again
Who else is still grinding for WL ?
excited
Why i get slow mode enable guys? I can only chat 1 in 2mn
im a huge fan of this project and its really amazing
Dont forget to stand up once in awhile and stretch yourself, to promote more blood flow!
Im dowwn bad
Volume today is prolly over $300mStay positive, ladies and gentlemen!
Appreciate you too brother!! wwish you get it soon!
The recent projects are so good
AXAAXXAX
You're right
:PES_SadGePray:
yeah, be happy if you still feel sad. Because it means you are ready to feel happiness. There is only one happiness in this life, which is to love and be loved
So this one doesn't give points?
What a cruel man
There so much scammers
cooing slaves!!
we can take off im sure of it
dude, **hypersloths** not **hyperkitties** 😂
hi buddy, how're you doing? have a nice weekend
Dont stopo guysss letsss movingg
the so amazing guys
Im super excited
I am also a happy friend
Need to take a break, have a drink
Wtf lol
The artwork is just amazing!lets do this bois
How is your friend?
Сложно стало однако. Но все равно заберу вл
What is your goal guys for the end of the week?
aleeexx
Cant w8 for enter wl!!
Hello my Russian friend
Success usually comes to those who are too busy looking for it
The most people don't understand what a huge chance the nft space and that project is! Let's make history with this project
ope you really see my messages and if something is wrong will tel me, ok?
anyone wants to start a good conversation and help each other rank up?
Thаt loooks аmаzing oh my God
who's grinding?
King will never down '
build this projet all together its very nice i hope everyone can participed
how you get WL
ahahahahha okay =)
want epic!
hey everyone
hola how are you guys
Nothing like that, I chat and sit in the chat 🙂
st i cant read lmao thtihse p rcohjaetc tis  gios ignogi nwg atyo  tboan gfgasggt
Ayo
Kitty to the moon
hаhаhаhа i knоwww it аlwауs dоеs
link me your fan art i want to seeWoahh nicee, wish you all the best so you can finish it as soon as possible. What major do you take? 🔰
keep grinding keep the community we are diamond hands duuuudeee
Show me a picture of my sister
Hey man, what's new?We have to hurry up, otherwise we won't be able to keep up with everyone's footsteps.Is it so nice to all women
I met darley lol
Okay, but I'm hungry
guys, who is the project collaborating with? found only a couple of cases on Instagram and Twitter
Public mint gonna be crazywe are in this together and we will win together
I think it's unreal now
My computer is lag
make money with the monkey lol
moon time for hypersloths lets go
ahahhaa nice
Maybe then we could get some work doneHey guys how's the grind?
It cοuld be next ΒАYС :grin:
Go ahead and chat and be active.I am so active, when will it be available, come on.
to be honest i tired to type))
Yes we are on in!!
Wagmi! Keep grinding!🚀
god damn
Who are you talking to? Please just stop spamming. What's wrong with people these days.
wohooo moon
we are lucky to be here
i want to sleep guys
yes i think close to impossible ahahaha
To get WL will be a long, but interesting journey, we will see who will give up and who are real grinders 🙏
Go to moon
good vibes everyone
keep up the grind yall <3
i agree bro
I appreciate the words of wisdom my friend, may the favor be returned
stick together team!
artwork is sickkk
Are you a spring, summer, fall, or winter person?
egg stood on the table by itself.
hi guys! good luck to u all)
Don't give up, you can make it !
to THE MOON
Sure to make money
Hi there
Letsss gooo familyyy we almost at the toopp
Hell yeahKeep it up y’all
In short, yes, sushi is better
Hope there will be new update soon..gm everybody
Guys any one interested in science ?
imagine every Lambo NFT holder gets a lambo loool
Is there anything I can help you with?
Even my neighbours !
Hello  guys what you think about my mems #🤣│meme-chat
been here for 3 hrs
LETS GOOOO Got it, thanks
hii family!
What recent experience made you feel old?
How should you eat so that your stomach stops hurting? I have already excluded cola from the diet as much as possible and drink only 7 cans a day ...
green tea slaps i love it so muchwen ETH $5000 xD
My time is not infinity =(
well they will be doing more sneak peaks im sure every weeke as they get closer to mint next month. the 3d tho man its one of the best, this will problably be a quick sellout lol
Cool project, it's a pity that I'm lazy and I'm bored of filling levels, but I'll try)
What have you already done and what are your plans?Stay active and care for newcomersKeep playing Keep dancing
When I create you're my muse
everyone to the moon
and I 🙂
Hey ,guys?
very  quick chat all want WL ?)
just go ahead dear friend
probably yes, invites mainly
I'm fine
this project is serious
Nothing wastes more energy than worring
missed Mekaverse & Metasaurs, hope to ape in here and Hapebeast
Can't wait for new previews
Good morning how was your day
keep pushing guys, moon!!!
Must work hard
we all gonna make it guys ahahahah
Yeeep, we keep supporting bro, do not misunderstand us
well everyone is not like that , you will find some really good people here just give it some time ,
Good morning, friend
It never stops!!
raf ar u here?
Let's goooo
guys dont stop we do that
How are you guys ?
I enjoy my work 🌪️Everything secret degenerates; nothing is safe that does not bear discussion and publicity
art looks fire
Must change shifts.
Would you rather live under a sky with no stars at night or live under a sky with no clouds during the day?^^
I love action
ok
From now on we have to grind at this relationship, harder than we've ever worked at anything
Ofc bud
Mаkе surе уоu guуs аrе prоmоting this tо уоur friеnds аnd fаmilу!
What's your favorite daily routine?
we vibing that's happening fam also the phase 3 or 4 of the wl req. is still tba fam u need to stay active and also think about your health 😄
Did you follow the project on all socials ?
Whatever we do in this life is a race for goodness. It's not a competition of excellence against each other
My denim jacket just ripped how????
maybe a lil hard
I haven't really seen the artwork which is what i'd like to see more off. The roadmap looks okay but is very brief, their main utility is unknow at the moment. I will need to see much more before i decide tbh, the hype is good. But everyone who wants WL is always going to grind lol.
Everyone is so fast?
my good vibes with you
where y'all from?
Dude these bots istg.. is there no one to get them out?
Сrazу рrοјeсt! mу gueѕs іѕ 3etһ flооr before reveal, һbu?
so hype project OMG!
wagmi!!!
Well, okay, let's rush together and try to get ashore as soon as possible.Continue to live up, there is still a chance, everyone is active.
thanks god i have energy drinks :)
wild projectfav singer?
haha i'm so hyped
damn that;s wild lol
we dont give up
Please dont spam guys.
sweet sweet
what level are you guys?
Purchased with ether
i think this 2min time is good as we can speak and we can also find mods here
Yeah! But we still need to ask btc for afavour
I study physics all day for the exam(
Good afternoon everyone!
Have a rest bro
Hello from Russia with love
This community definitely has a warm heart
Hello dudes and dudettes
What's happening?
I see. Are you playing any sports today?
Who the eagles doing tonight
Wanna watch film and chill in chat 😇
this community is awesome
Work
Hopefully Covid crap will end soon
I heard that this project is very good, let's play togetherYou are all my idolswork hard ori give
Sometimes you have to look reality in the eye and deny it! I blieve is every single person that you can get on this WL!
What kind of cryptos are people into?Not only is there but one way of doing things rightly, but there is only one way of seeing them, and that is, seeing the whole of them. To reach the WL is not easy but it is possible
I got on the last project I grinded not into the WL. For a moment, off balance, was I annoyed? Anger is always fear, I thought, and fear is always fear of loss. Would I lose myself if he made those choices? It took a second to settle down: I'd lose nothing. They'd be his wishes, not mine, and he's free to live as he wants. The loss would come if I dared force him, tried to live for him and me as well. There'd be disaster worse than life on a bar stool ❤️
I'm thinking maybe Sushi
I'm so sleepy now, and I want to have a rest, but I can't have a rest.
How is everyone in here doing ?
The more you seek security, the less of it you have. But the more you seek opportunity, the more likely it is that you will achieve the security that you desire
for me this project its insane
come on, there is a little left i'm tired, but I have to go all the way.. we can do everything
That project is soo on fire Gal is doing such a good job with his talent
what are you doing everyday aside from here
Btw congrats to all of those who won the WL
invite more of your friends.
I drink gutter water
may  be elon mask  should see this apes ?
What do y’all think of this
You can't get WL . Me: hold me beer xDKnowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, be fortified by it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it
amazing project
Don't go to bed so late
xdyes sir
Nice! project
grind for me bro I’ll paydo you guys have any Netflix Recommendation?
morning to you too mae
I appreciate you fr
i love this gamewe all grindingggg!
no problem, you are welcome
You guys ready for some more jokes?
hope this community stays this strong later too
Amazing active!!!
only forward friend
nice thanks for the info
waiting for it with big hype
i agree with you and it helps them catch the bots out of wl as well , what you think about this project and the artwork
Thanks! I already drank some glasses before opening discord 👌
yeees bro!
I would really like to fly to Mars, I am very interested in the topic of space
All for whitelisted friends
chat is so fast i cant answer
Morning all
What's the next line to cross off your list?
I have 3 step sis bro) U know what im talking about ahahaha
Yeah that is causing this mess right now Unreadible chat 😄
The brain is already boiling from the number of messages)
Jojo is good
Let’s take this ship to the mooon!!!!
yo my pc cant handle the chats lol
Who knows how now to achieve success and take place in life, and not sit and fill in invites and levels?)))
anything good today to share everyone?
Thank you very much everything is already getting better, the city is being restored, it will become even more beautiful!  our president solved all the problems, moscow is a very big city;  I like it very much)) will be back there soon)
there is no information about the date of the mint yet? Did the parties hint?
What is the basic difference between poetry and prose?
im ready for this mint
that's right mate
What are your household duties?
Oh? just the usual
in which timezone u guys live?
hyst set out for a short walk
I want to see 250% in my Binance tomorrow :)
Hаhа lol, how do уou usе it thеn?
love the 3D nfts and this is the best on for sure
Everything is going to work out, you'll seeI'v not seen such sick designs for a while
I would love 3K WL then you can mint 1 each, i'm not sure why more projects don't mint all at WL level. I know Frankenpunks did something similar. That way it stops bots too
Burn the midnight oil. letsgo
You just have to positively contribute to the community, there are lots of ways here. Be part of it, help others and communicate 🌟
keep up the grind!!!!!!
i think i'll be able to buy my first car with this drop
Whens the next drop?
Let's goo! 🙂 I wish you all a very huge, good and blessed day!
Letssssss goooooo guyssssss
Best NFT project
the chat is going crazy again ץ
Haha sorry my dear
Good projects are in demand
What kind of movies do you like ?
So tired of spams? Well me too. I can't even see any replies.
Lmao
It doesn't matter.
ahhh ok
Whera are you from? I from Russia
are you guys chatting from a PC or phone?tea or coffee? (tea personally)
yerrrrrrrr
yep, keep messaging
in quiz , I have chance , quest is raffle , my luck is not that good : meme I can try
much hours of work paid of, hopefuly the mods will see it
Let's hold on till the end, brothers.As long as it can be white, it's worth it no matter what, brother.
In any chat lvl is stuffed?
okay
hey guys how is everyone?
Im lookin forward to being able to get one on the market when its out
How do you like the project in general?
are u  going to sleep today ?
Lets hype this uppp
any recomendation for movue
want to see it to the moon!want to see it to the moon!
What's good
hі brо! I'm frоm Cаnаda.
I'm listening to hyperpop eu
Me too bro
Come on, guys
If anyone is eating now, I wish you bon appetit)
Yup it definitely made me feel a little better about making the WL, if it was tomorrow I would be screwed lol 😂
Gas fees vary every minute of the day. Look up gas fee tracker on google
Wow, u r close to there
Does anyone know this The information is too fast for me to read
What happens with not infected bananas? Nothing?
Nice Sunday all
I'm not even going to stop
Hope to get wl so fast
I never get lucky lol
I see the whitelist on the horizonOn the second day look to the east and you will see the whitelist eth running
Yeah guyssss
we have to find out
and everything?
Try to grind how long as you can! It will be worth guys!
miss ru chat so much🥺
ready for this? i am super ready
need more yeah
Is it so nice to all womenWe're going to the moon, strapped to a rocketI like food how about you
B
lfg!
Why is my partner sleeping and I'm grinding
We’re all are going to make it for sure
Buy something to make money
yeah mate, the fragrance of flowers spreads only in the direction of the wind. But, one's kindness spreads in all directions
okeeeeeygo to the moon this project plz
lessgoo
travel occasionally
Ahahah yes ? agree dude
We are going to the moon
gotta keep grinding for that wl
i would love to help others if anyone needs help im here to contribute in any way possibleI am so tired
letsgoooo fam
i am soo pumped y'all
our goal is near
love art so much
I am fine and i am grinding now ,,,
How much gas I need to buy nfts on eth?
fast
Our work schedule encompassed seven intense days, Monday through Sunday
I wish i could win a raffle
mates, u r doing great job
lfg!!!
Dude I’m trying lmao
Whats ip everyone! Hope you’re having a good day! Lmk if i can help anyone with any questions
lfg fam we can do it
уеssir уоu gоt this nо dоubt
Came in
I hope everyone entered into New year
let's keep it coming people
vamp vamp
nice nice
This project is very cool, I aprreciate the work of the designer one insane project after the other one😪
NFT is the future
I'm so hyped for this project pffffflets goooooo
This is the life. Either we win or we lose but we don't give up friends! 📢
grinding with some juice
i believe in you guys, everyone who works will get WL
No, i'm not going to the moon with robots, not a spam bot.
Hello guys
nft is up market ha?so excited about the project
i hope it will be fine
How are u ?
heloo my friend
How are you guys doing?
nah WL is better
yes ofc
anyone here go  to school  tomorrow ? lol
All the way?
that’s love!! keep doing what you are doing!!
listening to adele
i read a lot of mangas, some fan of japan's culture here ?
dont stop never sleep
0 right now
Pretty good mann, u?
Hello everyone what's happened in here?
I love you too much guys
sup yall
ohhh
Hey, there is no way, can you just watch God's will in vain.I believe we can do it!!
Who listens to what music?
What's up guys
Plan to continue until 500 tomorrow
How's your day guys?
Heey
i graduated 47 years ago now
We can do it guys! Don't stop beliven! :DLife is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will
It is amazing how much bots are already banned! That project is doing a very good job! 🤖
We are still going strong my friend! Never giving up! 💪
I'm from Russia, straight from Moscow, how is the situation there? I heard that you are not very good 😦
Thanks for explaining this to me bro!!I appreciate this. And good luck to you too
ahh my bad
We got this family , hope everyone deciced to grind today 🤤
todays my WL day it's mine!!))
let it be..
Be polite to each other and you will definitely be rewarded
Don't forget to drink enough water 🤓We all make it one day, just grind the next couple of days hard
reply to messages and keep conversations going mate
have a good day guys!
let's go guyz keep it up
we can do it guy!
to the moooooooon
I really hope to get whitelisted
This is the strength to take medicine
just wonderful
But it's cool, because I'm going to grind all the way to lvl 10.
wait till you see phase4
q
I m getting whitelosted today. i feel it mama
see you all on the moon!
Need to make it to the end guys
I can't understand, other roles will give us Wl and access to further projects, right?
Yup 🔥🔥🔥
how to level up fast guys
Today is a great day for socializing
Just be positive
Congratulations my friend!
you will definitely get it
I hope that the project will be able to withstand the fire
dunehow is he?
stay active and you shall be rewarded
Some people really sell for a loss and ill never understand why
This country will not be a good place for any of us to live in unless we make it a good place for all of us to live in
I used to be very interested in science. But not anymore
great project bro
keep working bro
it's so cold here in california wtf is thislegit got the fatest heater next to my desk
I will be patient
My organism feels tired, so i have a big courage to type here.
morning my friend! where are you from ? if you got any questions please ask me ! 🙂
What?
һey mate, іm fіne, hοw abοut уоu?
When you reach the heart of life, you will find beauty in everything, even in eyes blind to beauty. Don't take it too seriously if you want to get the joy out of life.
I can use just Metamask ?
What are some good projects to share recently?Thanks to everyone who helped me todayWe have to hurry up, otherwise we won't be able to keep up with everyone's footsteps.
Im аn introvеrt а MOVIе HаHаHH!
here is such a lamp chat, such nice people
feel free to ask me questions
Well done bro keep grinding and you’ll get there
the art looks sick these will bang
How is everyone?
amazing vibes
I am from Kazakhstan city of Almaty and where are you from?
Hey all, just joined and excited for this one
Don’t be discouraged mate you’ll get your own lucky chance
Will there be more than 20 level and more than 40 invites for the next WL☹️
Dont you want to take a break?
Hold on guys!
bro  ,  what  mac book to buy ?
need lvl 8
Together we can all
Lmao wtf
You need to go all in and need a tunnel vision 👐
Hey everyone!
i'm gonna grind rly hard
we're enemy lmao
hope u all have a great friday
leveling again
What smell always brings back some type of memory?
❤️
yes,the culture of music has a long history. ancient people invented many musical instruments.and they compose to express their feelings.
lfg this server is going placesgglfg this server is going placesgglfg this server is going places
Wish me some luck
NFT is the next generation!
Goodluck
Yeah, it is pretty possible, or even more
how you doing fam?
🦥🔥🦥
I hope you all are doing great this day just enjoy the day and grind, have fun and keep safe!
To the moon we go!!
Time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life 😪
sloth gang whats good
Oh my goodness
yes i think it wil be big hope to get the wl how ar you man
Continue to live up, there is still a chance, everyone is active.It's almost, I seem to have only used it for so long, of course, I don't know if I have liver ignorance, then I don't know.
The main thing is without pineapples
idk bro sry
work work work
wld like to have conversations but chat moves so fast its crazy
when mint?
you guys are all so coolif I do not answer right away, sorry, then I did not notice your message
Barbara haha barbaararararar
24.2 mint
So in love with this project
the project is quite good with the roadmap, i like that its well thought outnice project!!
Most larger projects will have 2K then only mint one, some like C-01 had 2.5K and could mint too. I think alot of projects are going towards full WL now which i believe is much farer. Everyone who mints should have been involved in some way, those that aren't can buy on the secondary market.
How are your plans for today? 💢Keep chatting and keep leveling, me personally I think if we share value and write the right things and talk about different themes, we can all reach the requried level really fast 💆‍♂️
If money be not thy servant, it will be thy master. The covetous man cannot so properly be said to possess wealth, as that may be said to possess him
and if gary vee enter in this project, we will reach 10eth for sure
so sleepy
y yall gotta grindWhyl etiss  tgrhiinsd  sob oyfsa
No time to restJust drank 4 redbulls
Where're you from?
keep grinding everyone!
Mens
hey bro! where are u from?
So, where r u from?
i  m  happy to be with  u
Gogoooooo
So hyped
just go ahead bro
i'm going to 15 lvl guys)
It's a great project
Wow what country are you from?
guys how you think 30 invites a lot?
What’s up
Hello Friend how are you?
The Philippines 🇵🇭 , how about you? Where did you come from my friend? 👋
How are you doing today and how how is you work going
Ready for the drop?
Full of spammers like you 🤭 come on man.. get a life
hope I can get a big prize tonight~
advise a movie or a TV series in the evening to watch with a buzz
it is good project
Me, you and many others
Grind man and u ? We can check my fan art in my bio and react pliz
Need language chanell for local member huhu
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts 🤩
congrats!
and cat here too  mmmm
How does weather affect people’s lives?
no sleep, insomnia helps me
wild projectdid u guys love this project?
hey youu im here
People are always making rules for themselves and always finding loopholes
omg it`s nice
Russia is very big for me now 13:26 Eastern time and for you?
help other people, and dont spam please
any new games for xbox out?
Whооооооааааа brо - thаt wаs а quick lеvеl!! Tеll mе уоur wауs
Big tape on my head, i want to chill.
theres been a long time since im that hyped for a project, moon soon no cap
Stay such active as u r, my friends, and u will get WL soon)
probably choking on food
I'm all goodI watched a great movie the other day
oh that sounds interesting
i love sloths so much
GM guys!
we're so luckу tο get here ѕо eаrly!
Where did you take first place?:Baby_looking~1:
How u doing my guy
The really efficient laborer will be found not to crowd his day with work, but will saunter to his task surrounded by a wide halo of ease and leisure. 😀
Welcome back my friend,you good?
The best part of one's life is the working part, the creative part. Believe me, I love to succeed ... However, the real spiritual and emotional excitement is in the doing
What's the most difficult thing about being you?
Hey bro, can you help? How can I make an individual invite link?
grinding
My friend joined in.You know it's the best.
I must say I'm impressed by the project !How are you all doin
to the moon!
lez keep it up
I came for WL and I'll take it! :)
my favourite hobby is football!Pleasure that isn't paid for is as insipid as everything else that's free so let's have fun here with the community 🥴
How are you doing?)
The liver emperors give a chance, hard work pays off, we will taste the fruits of victoryI heard that this project is very good, let's play togetherYou are all my idols
Aue fartu masti
Does anyone sell liver protection tablets? Haha
Wor
It's over, everyone is so positive.How can there be a chance if you are not active? We will all do it.Be active and help newcomers to contribute, there will be a place for you.
Welcome newcomers!
true boys
I have no idea tbh man, what do you think ??Do not spam lfgggg. It doesn't work that way!?
I cant stoppp for grinding
To all the new sloths, make sure to check out #📋│how-to-whitelist and follow the steps to get ur wl role, WAGMI
God, my friend heard about this project and can't wait to join in.
Can I order pizza?
yea man! Lets do this guys!! We are one, we are a community!!
that sounds about right amount to get during the next month maybe even 3k we shall see then
this man is on a mission
can't stop won't stop
bro
dude this projects actually gonna blow up
okay okayyyy
im bullish on this projectlfggg hehelove this community
LOL i lovе thаt... dont mеаnt to gеt аll pеrsonаl. but cаn i аsk whу уour rеlаtionship didnt work out? did уou guуs rush into mаrriаgе ? or whаt hаppеnеd? D:
hoping to have this nft
Do you think it can work?Grind Grind Grind! You need to have a very huge desire to get this done to reach the level! 🚀
me too
Pumped to get WL with my Bulls
cant wait for the launch
ee
Keep going people!
10q
I am ashamed of confessing that I have nothing to confess and wbu? 😜
1,5k maybe, dont think there will be 2k
and hello to you, everything is great! I see you are new, if you have any questions - ask, I will answer all
im so excited for this proj you have no ideaimportant PSA: follow the twitter and insta!
Who was your teacher?
Not yet, but they all have speculations, what is your personal guess?
When the day mint ?
I also
no way ahah
lessssgo
good grind everyone
Gm
Doing just good buddy, hbu?
Welcome mate
Remember to turn off DMs guys!
What are you gonna do with him 😳
nft technologies bring people from different countries together. Thats so cool
The reward of doing one's duty is the power to do another
I need that wl color
try to  get  WL , i m sure if u  good u  will  can do it
russia is big, guys, who has what time now?
I am going to make some food right now, lets get it!
how to lv up faz guys ?
guys levelinggg up for 15 yeeey
Thanks buddy
Keep active and engage with community
gary vee could be one of us after mint ahahah
im great today. What about you bro??
Hi bro
I love thesei will continue to do my part to help the community
keep grinding bro
I wish everyone to get into the raffle!
way too many bots here
loving the sneak peaks!
Positive vibes only
Hypе this chаt uppopp FаMMM🚀💯
Got mostly the slightly more established ones, bitcoin, eth invested in nfts, solana, cardano, polygon and some more 🙇‍♂️
You're tired because you grind too hardWe don't owe millions, or have lovers, or rare diseases, or tons of life insurance, or work for the CIA, or do drugs or any of that. Gang Gang
What's the worst accident you ever had?
Dont seeem doable
I have already seen your message, you might be a spammer, or just a regular bot
I want wl, I have 0 invites, can we agree?
i can't wait for this to moon
Sneak peaks are amazing!
Great! һоw abоut уоu?
How many WL spots do we think this project will do in total, i'm hoping 2.5K but maybe it will be 2K? It says WL closes in FEB so we have lots of time to try and get a spot till then. Keep going everyone
I think 3050 will cost around 200 thousand rubles
conggratshow are you doing
fly
goodluck everyone, just don't give up and we can take off guys
what is your favourite app for iphone?
whitelist?
i hope i can mint 2 or 3
I've been on for about a year and a half now.
Still strong, my money dont wait.
Can you describe yourself?
we are strong together guys! lets goo
OK, I wish you happy every day
So interesting
hows it going
I like this chat
The chances are slim it will workWho is the most inspirational person to you?
What’s the weather like in your country?
this chat is so fast my eyes hurts ! xDThis project is very interesting
impossible
i cant believe how many i send and not get any credit
watts up you good?
Yeah, get upHope the hard work is worth it
Hi, nice to meet you.
what other p2e games do you know?
Project is so pespective i think
Dont lose your hope bro
I don't understand this, I only know that if the liver task can be freed, it would be nice if I can participate in the pre-sale.
Hey
Keep going guys let’s make it. Sooo much hype
Do modders go to chat often? would like to ask something and suggest ideas on system reports
We have to hurry up, otherwise we won't be able to keep up with everyone's footsteps.Don't leave regrets, step up our stepsJust keep working and talking to each other and you'll be successful
Hello everyone how are you all are doing?Time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life 😪
Heyooo!
i need the levels
hypersloths community fire af
To the moon letsgoooo! Thats the spirit!💯 🚀
what's that bro?
good morning friend really super
Ahaahhaahahhaahhahahaa
Google is still working mate, you can search up there.
Bryansk is in place, and what cities are you from?
we all get that
keep grinding
yes ahahahaha its funny but just be active
the art is worth every spent second and crypto on it
Hope you can get a white list
grind all day my fam
welcome friends
Hope our project will to the moon
Just keep grinding don't worry about the hours, how much it takes it will happen 😋
level up go go
to the moon haha good afternoon
nice project? looks promising
how yall doing rn? whos ready for that drop?
do you make music?
contribute to the community with fan arts or memes i think this will increase ur chance gettin wl
this project got me ecxiting
I'm from Australia, friends, how are you in Germany, are you healthy there?
keeep grinding
guys, there's an rtx 3050 coming out, how much do you think it will cost in Russia?
working a lot
15 lvl + 40 invites, check here
Coming soon friend
LоL i lоvе thаt... dоnt mеаnt tо gеt аll pеrsоnаl. but cаn i аsk whу уоur rеlаtiоnship didnt wоrk оut? did уоu guуs rush intо mаrriаgе ? оr whаt hаppеnеd? D:
It does not work at the moment, be tuned and check
Yep bro! Be active! 😏
we are a close-knit team
facts yessuhh
I think I might have some dinner and come back ❤️
What do you think the WL requirements will be today?
Im comingg to my WL hhahaa✌️
Do you mind my smoking?
A little work is good for convalescenceGrind Grind Grind! You need to have a very huge desire to get this done to reach the level! 🚀
no
having a great time vibing with you all
Who do you most take after, your mother or your father?
I like pancakes
Please, stop this
i think that famous people will join us after mint for sure
Too many scam now, be careful on every link you click and everything u do
Are you fond of reading?
Im tryna also help out this project
Good Sir waiting for whitelist and mint some horses
solid project for me. I am holding 2 of them
Let's start by doing some serious work on the notebook 📈
wl wait me
lol, Letѕ gоo! we сan do tһat
I like pets
You have to get in whitelist. You got to grind hard man
howdy
How many hours have you been cooing?
love to see it! top work glad to be a part of this project
Very bullish!!Only diamond hands.
im so motivated to grind
getting closer and closer to level 15hard work always pays off in the end
﻿Do you like pets? Do you have any?
Don’t forget to go check on your pets
?
I think they have one to lose. Because, it is ovbious they are the losers. Cant afford, for those who afforded. Well done, u worked hard to achieve here. So am I.
This community and lss will go to the moon
This morning was fun, man. I got something that I didn't expect, today I'm in luck and you how about you
Then you are too busy, I have no choice, and I have to be busy with other things.With so many people, the community is slowly becoming active.How can there be a chance if you are not active? We will all do it.
i hope i can make it
Really?Don't you feel tired bro? What's your level now?
let's communicate
what  plans for weekend ?
Sup slothes!
How can i join to whitelist?
Remember to take your breaks
super
Nah, you go first. I'll watch 🤣
pasta boys!
ikr man 🤣
рш
chat getting crazier and crazier by houre
The oil iCome on, stick on, stick ons too expensive
its getting crazy  here
Is there anyone from Ukraine?
Really need this prime ape
Hello everyone 😊
Missed you guys
Stacks in my pouch
doodles will reach 20eth very soon mark my words
bulltalks
yeahhh i agree
flBoeionr g isa ctgoiivne g itso t bhee  mkienyi mthuamt s10 0wh
lfg for real! we can do this togheter, no clue
keep going all!I really hope the project gonna skyrocket after launch
Hope I'll get that desirable WL at least here
hi all, how much have you already invested in NFT?
Okay, come on, come on
It will give me some time to get to work!im from germany wheres everyone from? this seems like a lovely community
anyone here play xbox?
Goodmorning guys! Let's talk!
Ty for this
dont spam please, lets make real conversation
yeah chat is rolling so fast
I really hope I'll get whitelisted, i have many invitations and i publicated the meme e fan art, the link is in BIO ❤️
hi how take invite link?
The US believes I’m you too!
This project is looking very eaglisch xD (bullisch) it will be flying to the moon
If anyone needs any help, please don't hesitate to extend your cute little hand right awayWhat are some good projects to share recently?Thanks to everyone who helped me today
Come on army
how wl
Same 2.5 months now. Still learning things
Sure! Best luck fam! mention me when you done with ur art
Yeah bro this so hype
this is not clear
уеаh, hеаlth bеforе аnуthing еlsе!
just watched da hawkeye
great job friend
i like the blue one kitty
its hard to concentrate on life when so much is going on here lol
good night
this is our future people !
good luck everyone guys
you are all active, huge message, would like to chat with someone, who want??
The best way to escape from your problem is to solve it! If you have any questions just write them in here!
Try to upgrade to level 10 today
15lvl
Bullish moment
salammm
im in love huh
i believe in us
Listen to the music and relax
Have you ever been at an event that you think will one day be in history books?
ifkrrrr that's why we all here mate!
What do you plan to do after receiving the ownership and can they take it if they do not act later?
good for the nft market though
Im feel so sleepy omg, but Ineed to keep grinding hereI'll definitely get the wl.
we have a wonderful future ahead of us
We were late for hustle but in a great mood when we finally arrived
What's up my Galyverse fam?Yo I'm so hyped for this project. I think this might be one of the biggest drops of 2022 ⏳
Will this nfts be listed on opensea ?
Every great mistake has a halfway moment, a split second when it can be recalled and perhaps remedied! :0
I also want to fly to the top of the mountain hahaha
You can watch netflix or some film and get chill here with the community this is the vibe I love
I wonder how much new members will come today 😄
be careful of scammers , stay safe
Let’s go my friend
my  father in  chat  with me haha ,may  ittle brother need come too  ? looooooollll
me tooo brother
Let’s go!
hope everyone is well
Listening trap music now and grinding, that's satisfying.
Where are you going?
DO you like the Project?
ll r doing good <3
just keep chatting
And good night to you, when you get up in the morning do not forget to tag me, I will join your dialogue again
How many times have you said that? Got something else? I'm quite bored with the spam.
love the cyberpunk style of the nfts, looks so sick
che guys, tell me how you
Only tοgetһer we cаn gο tο the mοоn, аѕ a bіg cοmmunity!
Come on, brother, you can do it, I hope you and me are in the list of Bai Bai in the evening.
Congratulations to all that made WL ❤️
just be active
2022 is inevitable. Year of 2022 is for metaverse. It would be fantastic. Strong vision, strong community.
what do u think of the project?whos gonna buy no matter what? reacttt
I need that whitelist
hahah you got this bro
These free mints are just getting weirder by the day lol, I want to get one tho smh
I know right I'm excited to see where this project goes! I'm currently in CBS, metabillionaire, meta legends, fat apes and dirty grandpa's.. What about you fam?
I like mexican food most of life😎
i believe bitcoin is the most stable coin
bro i dont even know at this pointThe habit of being uniformly considerate toward others will bring increased happiness to you ^^
the vibe is soooo cool guys
bro, why so...
What a active citizens😄
Goodmorning everyone! Hope you are all okay, i'm back in the office today so i will be on here chatting most of the day
Make it happen
Sweat... so much sweat
i did mate ! i enjoyed time with family mostly wbu?
yo mate how are you?
Wish you luck brother
We need motivation mate
great man
like this project
hope dies last)
Yeah bro, I'm sure those eagles will fly to the moooooon!!!🦅 🌑
favorite movie?
make it up, i can get the WL i believed
god there's so many bots here hahahaha
You can get a white sheet
Do you like poetry?
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore, this was my mum's most common phrase whenever she wanted to encourage me, i think somebody here needs it, never be afraid to get even the toughest tasks going, keep grinding and Wagmi
Guys, I love pizza the most in my life.why nobody talks about themselves
They will be, but the requirements will go higher
This chat always so hype 😍
just perfect
yes lets go to the moon
What are your parents?
Good job here
good proj boys, I will keep 1 hyper
the artist is acutally insane
The project will be a success
hi all, that energy here is amazing and alle are fired up!
Hey how you doing ?
YES SIR !
1 month to go til drop!
good job guys
I nееd to rеаch this nеxt lеvеl soon. This is а sеrious grind.
Who’s part of the team here?
What have you been up to?
very good friend
Lets gooooo never stop
Be careful guys, I got scammed last time round, do not click on dms that give links to mint
I need 10 Lvl
If you were to be famous for something, what would that be?
Are the admins planning to reopen the wl?))
good luck to all of you lets keep going!can't wait to show this NFT off to my friends
How are you doing everyone I hope yesterday work was successful let’s continue with today own we can make
Don't spam guys, it didn't work very wellnooo, i wasnt even in nfts when cryptopunks was out. but i heard of phanabears and skipped them
oh so u took a break for the first week of 2022?
This is real amazing!
Just keep working and talking to each other and you'll be successfulThe liver emperors give a chance, hard work pays off, we will taste the fruits of victoryI'm also envious. I've decided to continue working hard after I'm done.
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. You guys are all my friends I ennjoy the time wiht you all really hard 🎟️
yo this chat is actually crazy
i won't give, u too guys don't give up. WAGMI!!
my friends starting comes
007 series.   you can spend the whole day in the film.  lol  or  harry poter~
Finally reached level 15🚀
lol
can't wait to see my name go white also for the phase 3 of the requirements 🙂
i don`t know (
Are u sure of that we will get floor 5 eth more?
i cant believe it
No way, I'm working hard, but the whitelist is limited
This 2022 will be mine)
keep spirit and keep going mate
Live beautifully, dream passionately, love completely
Shush. Spammer gets banned soon 😂
Hi guys, how are you doing?I've been supporting the team for hours, so the team can see me as much as I can.
Hype this MORE
LFG!!!
Still hyping up
have a cool project, it's interesting to follow it
we're so lucky
amazing team we have here
You can't get WL . Me: hold me beer xDSuccess usually comes to those who are too busy looking for it 🙃
U r cool guys
**make sure to turn off dm's if they arent your friend then they shouldnt be messaging you**
Sup everyone
Usually never bothered with any cryptopankz style project but this one
let's help each other
Get onboardd 😄
hols
Good after noon guys take some rest and some water go fuel up fam have a nice day 🍞
grind it hardddd
Up until now so excellent
No fire
I heard the devs of eth are going to change it soon
Let’ѕ go guуѕ! Αre уοu having a good daу today?
Hows everyone doing
How old are your parents?
good morning)
yess, hope you study well and able to achieve things as expected ya 💠
wagmi keep Enjoy chatting those levelsKeep up the strive Lets go chimp!!!
how are u&
bonjouryep
I’m super active today!
That is great so what projects have you been into mate
morning yall! hope you are goodyou're ready? this project seems fire
Anyone know when mint date it
Dont give up guys. I believe in you
love you all guys btw, we all amazing
I’m an American.
Keep grinding
Want to get that wl today
guys lets look out for one another from scammers. You will get many dm's saying mint is available or you made the wl. Please delete these messages instantly and DO NOT click on any of the links they send. Best option is to turn of direct messaging from the privacy settings for this server. Stay safe guys and never give you seedphrase away!
ready for what friendd?
Goodluck everyone
Strongest, thats for sure !!!
We of the grid grid grid
Me too. I really want to make a fortune and go abroad to play.
Wonder when the next sneak peak will be?
this chat is just a wonderful place
how are things?
glad im here
I like to work accuratelyGrind people, let's go, keep pushing we need to motiviate each other
Strong comunityLet's GO everybody
Yeaa, you are from?
i must say i love the ideas with the art here
eth is mooning and so is this project
i dо miss а fаttу !! gооd оld dауs .. уоu еvеr triеd cbd flоwеrs?
help me with wl please
XD
Wow it`s amazing
sure
exactly
Completely cold
Me too, I am working hard to get the whitelist.
What else changes have come to our life due to the invention of the computer?
hello everyone , this chat is so fast ! please slow down xDthis project is gonna be great cant wait
Good job
my  dog always with  me when  i chat
I remember when i foundo about crypto when i was in highschool
kitttiesss
yea man sure
Project going crazy man
everyone good morning full of confidence to welcome another  come on brothers behind efforts to liver
If anyone needs help, I'm here
yes fav project💙I never ever give up mate 👍
im beeeeck
Hard work grind peeps its worth every second!!
That chat is too much
the hell are you talking about?
hoping to get wl soon
im so happy i finally found a sloth project
Yeah, upstairs we will be forgiven
the project is interesting, I think I didn't waste my time in vain
Bro.. are you spamming? Well yes for sure. Btw the whitelist spot is not open yet. Gotta wait for the next phase.
Me too fam
love the hype in this community
I would say there is no doubts about its perspective, right?)
I'm from China. Where are you fromYou're right. I believe many people think soI look forward to the release of this NFT
Let’s get it guys
I am happy that I am in this project. I think it will become even more popular in the future.
There is not any present moment that is unconnected with some future one. The life of every man is a continued chain of incidents, each link of which hangs upon the former ((:
really want to dance right now haha
WAGMI boys, never stop the grind!
I wish you all a nice day! Stay healthy!What are you doing? 😄
It takes work to concentrate and remember 🤠
Insane dude
yep, the btc drop hit hard yesterday (
What is your hobby? / What hobby would you like to have?
Work and progression and we will make it hopefully my guys
So far so good
Use only official links!!
Getting it is getting closer! keep lickingDon't envy everyone for being so handsome, come onNew friends, if you don't know the rules, you can look at the announcement and the nail in the upper right corner
no way
we gonna make baggggggggggggggomgggDiff
better than everything
how are you doing? you bullish?
just keep spread some positive vibes here
hi bro
I can't even hear the beat wtf ?
I love NFT
Are you an only child?
hello sloths!
I am good thanks
we can make it guys
No man's faith, no man's religion, no religion in all the world can ever rise above the truth 🍻
Ask ?
Which movie do you like the most?
How fast does it level up&
do emojis count for XPs?
yea i can tell its my fortune year and its gonna be something diff for me
thats crazy bro
what candles are in your keyboard or are you on the membrane?
ahahahaha
this chat is lit
In analyzing history do not be too profound, for often the causes are quite superficial!
we all are gonna make it dont worrythe detail in the fur and ears is so good omfg
great spirit
To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub; For in that sleep of death what dreams may come When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, Must give us pause 😤
all the best guys
lets goWow that’s dedication
so many people hereTo the moon
can someone please please please fix the invite link
cоmrаdеs hаvе u chеckеd skееl-pееks, sоо уummу
i bet everyone does
Im so excited for this to release haha
There is very little left and we will reach our goal, it will be possible to rest
good serv
Yoo wzzuuupp
2 seasons of teenage  mutant and  this chat
i have to work a lot
Im doing man and you? Are you new here?
When are you most productive?
Lets show the world we are the best community!
im italian and in here there's the best italian community ever
Amazing community!
just made it to level 6! just one more level come on guys let’s do it together
eth projects really blow my mind
im gonna get the WL bfore i head to bed
yessss get it
i know cant wait to see more
this project goes to the moon no doubts
wooow
Keep grinding fam 🚀
yoHello Everyone!
Cheers to all of us, if you want something you've never had in your life, you have to do something you've never done before. Success comes from action. Successful people continue to do business. Successful people even make mistakes, but they don't stop trying
Whatcha get fam?
agree, the said my mom🥰
i know this will rise up more.. cant wait
This chat is insane hahah
hey!
of course buddy it part of the rules
me bro ✋ I'm ready tto get my wl and my name white fam just say the word, also I'm still waiting for the phase 3 or 4 I think 🙂
Bad bad
This work will be effectively promoted
I've been here for 4 hours.
anyone else love sloths?
this community has just turned my head, I am so glad to it
i need wait because ticket be closed
How  can I know the rarity of my car
It was going to be hard enough to work at the diner, but it was something she was going to have to do
Read  for dates
Sell high buy low
You can find out this and tell everyone, we are not sure about this
wow this chat is hella amazing.Hey guys how are you today?
It's a shame it didn't work out 😅
ahaha you are honest
This project to the moon 100%
Is your family large?
how to check whether my tweet proof was successful?
wl is the only way cant stop now
What’s popping how you doing
I can imagine, that moment of pure excitement!
Really? Seriously?
Top of the morning
we chat we chat
Keep gringing)Succes is near)Tag me if you want to talk)
Which one? DamnIf they didn't try to make this grind he would regret it forever
Love that the whole admin team is transparent not like other projects
We dont grind in this discord! we are having some real conversations and some real interactions! Its about making this commnunity stronger and spreading the positivity!
Feeling soul engaged with this project man
When is mint day?
best nft
Mate wassup
Later
this grind will be worth the time trust me, LETS GO!
Take good care of your future because that's where you're going to spend the rest of your life, NFTs can change your future!
this prjct is gonna be so sick
No sleep gang
An'an, elders
I really hope all our efforts will be paid off big time
Hi everyonegrind grind baby
mate you right!
yahoo let's go to the moon
Dun mint morning and night afternoonwe all going to the moon
Who's ready
loving the hype here! so positive hehe
how to  open  ticket ?
I am trying bro to stay active such a delight to be here
Anytime! Hope it all works outDon't follow any advice, no matter how good, until you feel as deeply in your spirit as you think in your mind that the counsel is wise
be active togetherJust keep working and talking to each other and you'll be successfulWhat are your New Year's resolutions.
yes this is a great project
It's not rare. I seem to be here recently. I often see you, too
Why u hate snow? i wish i can see snow 😦
I am absolutely sure of that i will get my reward in final 😆
Lets go mates !!! power up!!!
We've grown so much
Sure thing!
leets go
Sleep is not allowed
evening bro, how are you? are you proud about your grinding ?
NFTs are so cool, looking forward to get WL and mint some, hopefully they sell atleast two!
Mу two fаvoritе pеoplе from Isrаеl аrе both nаmеd Gаl
the most delicious food
Better safe than sorry.
I can't wait to get one of these crazy birds!People are always making rules for themselves and always finding loopholes
cant wait
ѕuсһ a sоlіd teаm gοtа respeсt tһem guyѕ :heart:
god damn this collection...
1eth floor easy
Great thank you and you?
go to the moon Hye, how is everyone doing?
goodluck
Who has already invited all of the people?
dont stop until u get that wl!
Don’t send any links or put caps in your msg to avoid the warnings
Wym buddy?
I wish you all good luck, I'm sure something pleasant will happen soon
Yeah, the spam hasn't stopped for days.
gl everyone
its easy 3 eth floor i think
Do you guys eat your lunch?
why don't invites work?
You can't get WL . Me: hold me beer xDI wish you all a nice day! Stay healthy!
Fire fire, let's go guys
Lets do thiis
Buy dollars for 200 high-speed mountain
i wanna eating
Let keep trying bro this project is so good
hey man, we are tryharding, what about you?
Pretty high, but the new ones aren't announced yet so please be patient 🙏
let's reach the moon guys
the best in the market
mobile legends and fortnite and you?
Stay positive, ladies and gentlemen!You can all btw just relax, don't spam because you get 20 or 30 XP per minute 🤙
What is your telephone number?
grind dont stop
Xdxdxd how ?
Good, what's ya plans today? I've just woke up 🏆
its very positive in here
GM
cant really catch up guys
Thanks!
Nft is beautiful
yeah, its hot, hot like you
what games you guys play?
🥳
i am proud of you
Nice nice
we goodhey
it s a very nice project bro
You are right friend,,,,We should eat green tea every day,,,
i just read the roadmap, very bullish :)anyone else participate in the raids?
Am going to the moon
favorite song?
lvl up faster 😠 fasterrrrrrrrrrr aaaaaaaaahhh hahaha 🙂
guys you will get it soon
Good luck to all!!!!
Chinese New Year in advance on the liver
In love with this
Can't stop tryhard for this project 🚀
How are you doing today and how are you feeling is doing how you the main reason for this it’s be WL as fast as you can type and words you can. On a message my advice for you is to work hard and you will never regret goodbye 👋 😌😁😍😍😍😍
i feel  i will  get WL
how are u doin?
so grateful to have such a great group of people in my life.
No one will ever change this animal
Kitty squad
there are not bots here?
the art is gonna go to the moon
I will work very hard for this NFT hopefully I will get one
lv up
When you're walking in the wrong direction, there's no need to feel sorry. Because God will always allow you to turn around, I prefer to look at the optimistic side of life, but I'm also realistic enough to know that life is quite a burden.
What's your favorite genre of music? I really like the repchik)
lets go now!
We all gonna make it guys
What part of your body currently doesn't feel 100%?
Keep going all
The vibe here as always so positive
Do you like this porject?
We all are KW. What about yout? what level now?
a little more and 15 will be
Stay positive, ladies and gentlemen!are you talking about pxmythics?
No sleep just grind
the grind dont stop!
kinda crazy to see how this project grow
1k incoming
Hаhа lоl, hоw dо уоu usе it thеn?
LFG team
How are you guys holding up fam anything happened recently while I'm gone?
how is it going fam, just got 11 lvl
Pizza 🍕
well, sho, who was given the vl?
I want to buy 2
The whitelist spot is full. Wait for the next phase.
Me my boy ✋
I'm from Russia
This community is dopehappy to be back
I can't dance
Hey guys how we all doing?
how many invites does everyone have
Everyone need thiss haahha
someone has already skied this year
We should be about the same, how good it is to go ashore togetherThanks to everyone who helped me todaySmell the coffee in the office
damn
Do you think I can finish today from 8 to 15?
No bro, it is covered now, devs need some time
Too much hype and too much bots.. please stop you’ll crash the server
bro, My tallest finger loves giving people standing ovations
guess you already know lmao i'll be heregod bless everybody
Community is crazy
Good to be back here .. got love for this community
Notһing mucһ, juѕt chіllіng
very nice project
about you asking people their fav anime?
It’s a small world.
it good for the project bro
Believe this project sooo much
people love this community!!! come on guys lets go go goooo!
Bro All need wl
14
school is not good in Russia dk brother
i need whitelist bruh
you people are amazing!
i have been in crypto for one year
why is price so high? =(
This art fireeeeee
what level you at my g?
Community is growing so fastlooking at the crowd here it looks like a low chance but I will take my chance
It'll work like it shouldThis project is very cool, I aprreciate the work of the designer one insane project after the other one😪
Tbh I think the roughs look sick too 🤍
😆
would u rate my  art ?
Yeay keep grinding
yeah man see you in the wl
It's too difficult for everyone to refuel
Stay active first
big up guys , we are the best community ever
hahaha i feel you bro where are you from??
What is your questions my friend ?
who ready for some to be OG
eagle gang!🔥
how's life?
Dostoevsky
Hello together 🔥Now I have to get to work
big hopes for this
still standing guys!
What part of the human face do you look at when you talk to someone?
How did you find info about this project? IG or Twitter or Invite from friend? im from TG
Hiya
powerful guys!
who has what level on the channel?
need my color changed asap
Hmm haven't heard of that before strangebest wishes for you my friend
How did you spend the New Year holidays?) Is everyone still alive?
I share your opinion, friendI am very optimistic about NFTI have a lot of NFTs in my collection
good morning friend already
I don’t sleep before 10 🔥🔥🔥🔥
hello everyone once again
Every level you hit is a level closer to get finally into the WL, so just keep the hustle and you will get it done! You are doing great!
fingrs crоssеd !!!! thеsе scаms аrе mаdd , thеrеs sоо mаnу оut thеrе its а jоkе
Who th is the CEO of openseaShe was hungover and tired, with a roiling stomach and headache, yet she managed to make it to work before the breakfast rush xD
Good vibes only
i would like to congratulate everyone who got WL! You guys really deserved it! It's really hard to get WL but you guys made it!
Back to spend time with my guys
This might be some of your best workI hope I can get one NFT, this will be the next huge ones! 🤌
Hopefully man.. i really don't want these spammers getting whitelisted
Hello everyone, tell me how to get the status of a holder?
sure bro, where are you from?
that's right bro
Who are your favourite Russian poets?
where are you guys from?
lezz goo bois
lol kinda late for me rn
Its a great community.
by the rocket  right dude?
how is going your day boys
What is your address?
Let’s roll up and chill everyone
need wl guys
i read a lot of mangas, some fan of japan's culture here ?3D art is something unique, really dope stuffi think that famous people will join us after mint for sure
If you would avoid uncleanness, and all the sins, work earnestly, though it be at cleaning a stable
Hey ppl what’s good
Good morning everyone
Umg
If you think it's great, invite your friends to join
Where you want to go
WAGMI!
I want wl really
Hahahahahaha
Good luck to you to my guy! 👏🏾👏🏾
😂😂😂😂😂
keep it up
Where are you from the main of church today I am so sorry ☹️ I will just be tell your church account number I am not going out today and tomorrow morning and I am doing ok thanks 😊 for doing today I am doing
Good luck to you too mate
anyone want to shoot a floor prediction?I guess we'll seee how it does (very well i hope)
Jesus loves you
havent seen us for years brother
my day was pretty good, greetings from germany
kids are asleep i got nothing else to do
hahahhahaLmaooo
I wish everyone good luck!
guuys what do u think about oxya?Hey guys, it was like love on the first moment this projct looks amazing 🤑
what are u eating today?
whats poppinnnbest nft out there
Ηey mate .. hоw r u ?
follow on twitter and tag elon musk. don't forget to tag justin sun on twitter. I feel so lucky to be in this group early, man.
всем русским привет
I’m tired guys
keep it up guys almost there
I don't know, just work hard and leave the rest to God's will.Mmmm, always in active chat.Yes, so come on, make more contributions to the community, it will definitely pay off.
Hype up babies
I congratulate you, how do I understand the feeling when you reach a new color of your nickname. to be honest, I really thought the color of my nickname was cool, but looking at myself now you understand that there are not too many irrigation differences from me at the very beginning of the journey and at the very end, the only thing that is so, is that I gained experience. which, of course, is a very important aspect in success.
this my fav project atm
Lets go to the mooon
Don't envy everyone for being so handsome, come onwork hard ori giveHey man, what's new?
Strictly work
yessirrr les keep going
Yes lol especially everyone is on C-01 name and identical pfp
Starrsss
The family keep on rushing
Im from London Uk my bro - what do you out in Denmark and how is life there ? 🇩🇰
To make a positive action, we must develop a positive outlook,Dream big, my friend, and never give up. We all make mistakes, but none of us are mistakes. Take your time and have a positive attitude, perspective, principles and truths that I share, and you too will overcome
Non stop
Good morning
friends dont worry
If you had the choice to go back in time or into the future, which would you choose?
How old are you and how did you find out about NFT? I want to conduct analytics, because too many people are now being introduced into the community.
maihan tut?)
Hola
how long have you been in crypto?
i think we are q early
How are you getting on with getting ownership? Has it been issued to anyone today, or is it still empty?
it`s good but almost done
Guys, don't forget to leave your reactions and invite your friends! Only together we can make the project better!
Hello hello i hope you all happy to day
interesting NFT
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism, so please don't spam so hard 🤧
I like sloths 🤔
It's easy to pull people.
more chill less grind bro!
that's the good vibes
Help the server please? By making a real conversation going.. it has always been full of spam
grind together guys
only forward friend and not a step back
Good choice
ahhay guys
Guys dont post link here. Otherwise you get banned from server
believe in myself because i m strong
good day to be a sloth lol
I wаs а dog pеrson until I got а cаt……. Thеy’rе just so much еаsiеr my dog is two аnd goеs to bаthroom in thе housе oncе In а bluе moon
if i cant mint, i ll buy one on os for sure
My fav food is butter chicken with Naam i just love it it's so good in getting water in my mouth by just remembering about it ❤️
Lets go!!!
What is your date of birth?
Who's late?
Crypto revolution, wowowo
I think I found a spammer or a bot, how to tag a moderator? I can not
hep
Good health everyone, go to sleep if you feel tired:)
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. I can't wait to get back to everyone that felt i was wasting my time by grinding on here, they said it was impossible for me to get the WL but my success here would be so much interesting, i would organize a party and then invite all my doubters to tell them about this amazing journey, i will also print my WL and paste on the the fridge at home to server as reminder to everyone that doubted me, Lol
The art is wild??!!
Can you go to the moon?
I cant wait
wanna to watch some film
What flavor ice cream would you be?Im doing great, how about u?
Welcome back, how about today?solid project for me. I am holding 2 of them
Let's cheer together
I got into shib lol
yeah ı got invited
the nfts are really great
coming back in a min, fam
what  can u  do when u get WL , still  be active ?
i guess mfs want wl
We keep the level!
Your plans sound awesome, Helen! Enjoy your weekend!
How’s everyone doing today? 2022 is gonna be lit for NFT and this project We are all in this together! WAGMI!
The artwork is crazy on god! look at it!
Did a good job in clearing the bots and all. We having a good time here
Everyone, try harder. We can do it. Goodluck
This chat is so fast xD I can't keep it up!!This project is amazing!! this art is insane!
grind more or stay poor
Hi, are you all ready for a big grinding day of levelling up?
LEts go
It’s a good project
yessirr
i love the art
cant stop wont stop
okey okey
let's go we can reach our goals
Yes this is fire too
see you find yourself very interestingKeep chatting and keep leveling, me personally I think if we share value and write the right things and talk about different themes, we can all reach the requried level really fast 💆‍♂️
gonna eat brb guys
I eat toffee :yum:
hey guys)
I want this nft
to the moonGoals
to get wl in hypersloths xDD
this project is so promising thats why people grinding like crazy here
enjoy the vibe
Believe me.
Keep up the good work!
What are you target for today?This art and this active, engaged community is a dream, I personally never saw this before 😏
Ӏ'm very οptimiѕtic аbout thіs рroјect! We gοnna ѕky rоcket, Ι јust feel іt :grin:
we'll all get WL very soon
loving the love of this community
Yarasa let’s gooo
Come on, rush up
Keep going fammm
Yup talking everywhere, all lil convo’s
let's go guys we can make it!!
Uhh you're pathetic.. no offense 🤭
Il y a t’il qqun qui va te répondre ?
If anyone needs any help, please don't hesitate to extend your cute little hand right awayWhat are some good projects to share recently?So much happening, wow!
How can there be a chance if you are not active? We will all do it.Yes, all good things are on the way and coming soon.You need to stay active, invite your friends to join if you can, and you will have a chance to be whitelisted.
Wolf of Wall Street. I can see that movie twice every week. That's how much I like it. What about you?
I have no idea tbh man, what do you think ??Honor and shame from no condition rise; Act well your part, there all the honor lies?
ahahah yeeah!
great
Are you all staying up all night?
Where were you born?
We gotta keep pushing!!!
woww the chet gonna crazyy
hey man how are you? are you a newbie?
Keep working guys!
How's everyone doing here? I hope you are all doing great! Alwys stay positive and never give up! We may face problems and challenges in our life but let;s be strong and never give up! We are here for you! This  is  the best community for everyone! Stay healthy guys! and Stay hydrated ❤️ I love you all!
Fаm whеn will i bе аblе to sеnd GIFs???
Those who have some means think that the most important thing in the world is love. The poor know that it is money ^^
How do you want to work this?idk it depends cause gas fees fluctuates, to be sure put more in your wallet, like 0.1
Why are you late?