1:Hi
2:1:Hello, my friend!
3:Hi guys
1:3:Hello mate
2:when is the mint date?
3:2:TBA
1:3:Thanks alot!
2:What type of music do you like to listen to?
3:2:I like listening to different kinds of music.
1:3:Like what, for instance?
2:1:I enjoy Rock and stuff like that
3:2:Why is that?
2:3:I like the different instruments that they use
3:2:That's a good reason for me as well
1:2:Yeah, I think rock music as well
1:By the way what do u think of a project?
2:1:that's a gem my mate!
3:1:not for flipping for sure
2:anybody plays piano of the guitar?
1:i play both, been playing for my whole life
3:1:trumpet
2:3:loool and how is it going
3:1:nobody likes the way i play
2:3:don't care what other people say
1:2:agree with u
2:by the way guys anybody plan to mint
1:2:hopefully i'll be able to mint
3:2:i dont think i will
2:1:for me, im going to mint for sure the project is great!
1:how did u know about the project?
2:1: i found it in my favourite telegram channel
3:1:saw in twitter and i think it's a great project, i'm also about to do an art
1:3:me too, but im not that good in paining
2:3:i also was about to make an art, thinking of asking my friend to help me 
1:what crypto do u mostly believe in?
3:1: im a near ambassadrao
2:1:Bitcoin lol
1:3: i like near protacol as well
3:1:yeah hold to 20
2:1: btw near is pretty good as well
2:do u guys have a car
1:2:i have a car lol
3:2:nah see no reason
2:1: which one?
2:3:why?
1:2:not gonna tell sorry
3:2:gas in my country is expensive 
2:1:oh alright
2:3:where do u live?
3:2:Germany mate and u
1:3:me too
2:3:Russia
3:2:I like Russia
3:1:where exactly?
1:3:in Berlin
2:1:i've been to Berlin 
3:1:ziemlich weit weg von mir
1:3:Enlgish here, my mate was muted for using another language
1:2:and how is that?
2:1:dont really remember, was young
1:2:oh i see
3:1:sorry got u
2:what do you enjoy doing in your spare time?
3:2:I enjoy drawing and painting
2:3:You know how to draw and paint?
3:2:Yeaps
2:3:When did you learn how to do that?
3:2:oh mate back in the days when i was young
2:3:Oh, so you took an art class?
3:2:Yeah
2:3:Nice arts
3:2:Thank you very much.
2:3:I wish I had a talent like that.
3:2:I'm sure you have a talent u just don't show it to people
1:What's your favorite movie?
2:1:My favorite one is Superbad
1:2:Oh, why so
2:1:It's the funniest movie in my lf lol
1:2:true mate a great fun
2:1:You've seen it before?
1:2:Yes, pretty much at launch
2:1:i laughed through the whole movie
1:2:That movie brought tears to my eyes xDDD
2:1:Mine too.
3:1:How are u?
1:3:grinding mate, u?
3:1:alright work work for the wl
1:3:true mate the project is great
3:1:i really wanna get the wl
2:3: me too
1:2:i really wanna sleep
2:1:no time to sleep keep grinding!
3:I'm new here and would like to learn more about the project
1:3:I'm new here too, but I heard from the guys that this is a cool project
3:1:From what guys? The ones in the chat room or maybe friends/acquaintances?
1:3:From friends but there are guys here who say good things about this project too
3:1:I saw a cool guy here by the way but lost him somehow.
1:3:I also often meet nice people on discord who have a lot to talk about.
3:1:Maybe we have some topics in common? Do you like sports or racing or something? Maybe you can tell me about some of the fundamentals that you've bought or are still buying
1:3:Yeah I go to the gym three workouts a week. As for racing I go out with my friends on weekends and ride go-karts sometimes. In the summer we can go somewhere in the woods on bicycles
3:1:Cool I also in the summer I can often go into nature with my family because in the city is not as clean air as the outdoors
1:3:Do you have a girlfriend/wife?
3:1:I have a girlfriend, not a wife yet
1:3:Planning kids?
3:1:Not yet I think it's too soon
1:3:Do you have kids, family?
3:1:No, I have a girlfriend too, and we're not planning any kids yet.
1:What did you think of the movie Venom? I don't remember if I've seen it before or not, but I just watched it and realized what a great movie it was.
2:1:It's a cool movie. by the way. 10/10.
1:2:It was funny when I bought popcorn but at the beginning of the movie I flipped it on myself hahaha I think everybody laughed who saw it
2:1:Hahaha I also saw a guy flip the popcorn over on himself but I don't think that was you.
1:2:Do you trade futures?
2:1:No, I don't think it's the best option because there's a lot of risk I think.
1:2:Yes, there are a lot of risks, but if you approach the process with a cool head you can read the market.
2:1:To be honest, I do not believe in these charts. For me it is impossible to know what will happen tomorrow/after tomorrow according to some drawings.
1:2:On the contrary, I believe in them and they always let me know a lot
2:1:Maybe you've read books, articles on technical analysis and how long have you been trading?
1:2:I read a lot of articles, not books, from which I understood a couple of useful things, and I've been trading for a year or more.
2:1:How did you end up on this server?
1:2:was called here by my friends, asked to help me enter (he needed invites) But after getting on this server, I became more interested in this collection and wanted to buy it
2:1:And what kind of friends? How long have they been in crypte? Are they only friends you made friends with in crypte or are they friends from real life?
3:I've only been in crypto for 3 months, a friend also brought me into this area
3:2 by the way i was brought here by Real life friends who understand crypt
2:3:oh cool
1:2:by the way, I realized that it’s not so long to fill lvl
2:3:I think it's important for everyone to find like-minded people who will only inspire you and motivate you
3:2:Yes I agree absolutely, but they are very few people
1:2:in any case, people will come in life who slow you down, and there are people who bring joy
2:3:It is understandable that everyone has his own interests and the chance to bump into the right person is very small.
3:2:Do you read books? Do you have a goal for example to read 10 books in a year or something like that?
2:3:Yes I read books but I don't set any goals.
1:2:I do read books but my goal is to read 10 books in a year
3:2:What genres do you like most?
2:3:Psychology is my favorite because I learn a lot about human factors that I did not know about
3:2:Cool, I sometimes reread literature
1:What do you usually do on your days off?
3:1: usually go to the gym, because without it I think my life would not be full of so much color. When you go to the gym, you don't feel like drinking or smoking and that's what makes you stand out from the crowd.
1:3:I don't really drink or smoke either, it's too expensive for health and money.
3:1:And you smoke hookahs? I have friends who go to the gym with me but smoke hookahs, I think it's not quite right
1:3:By the way I smoke hookahs but I don't see anything bad in it because they almost do not do any harm as far as I know
3:1:Yes, but I saw the experiments where they showed visually human lungs and what happens if you smoke a "harmless hookah" is not a pretty sight
1:3:I don't even want to go with my friends to smoke bong next time.
3:1:I'm telling you it's better to take a shower after your workout and go get something to eat
2:3:Do you take any supplements like creatine?
3:2:Yeah: Protein, creatine and vitamins
2:3:Do you think these chemicals are good for you at all?
3:2:Sure, if you can't eat a normal amount of protein a day, protein helps you out.
2:3:And what can you advise a beginner?
3:2:In terms of supplements or training?
2:3:Both.
3:2:I think you better watch a video for beginners and creatine supplements to gain weight.
1:3:And what do you do in your spare time?
3:1:Actually I do a lot of things from programming to go-karting.
1:3:What languages do you program in?
3:1:JavaScript C# and Python a little bit.
1:3:Do you work for a firm or on your own?
3:1:I used to work for a firm, but now I'm freelancing because the salary depends on you and that's what motivates me
1:3:It's cool I also program only in JavaScript or rather I'm just learning
3:1:That's right, you have to improve yourself every day
1:3:And you already have a goal that you set this year and you achieved it?
3:1:No, but I slowly but surely go to them every day
1:3:What kind of goals?
3:1:I'm not used to telling my goals.
2:Can you tell me what your big plans are?
1:2:I think I have them like everybody else, like a house, a car, a family.
2:1:Maybe you're in some p2e game?
1:2:Yes I played a few cool ones, but I like csgo, valorant - normal shooters
2:1:I also played them, but time does not allow to hang out there often
1:2:Do you and your girlfriend have any favourite places you go on weekends?
2:1:Yes, quite a lot, but we are not tied to certain places for example on the two of us like a simple walk in nature it would seem quite simple, but we are completely alone in the woods and can touch on any topic that we can discuss
1:2:Awesome I think I should also try to go to nature as we have all the usual movie restaurant mall. But in the woods I think she would not mind and this is something to come out of it
2:1:Yes try you will feel the freedom of fresh air and pleasant experience ;)
1:2:What do you think about the future of cryptocurrency?
2:1:I think it's not a bubble like everyone says, it's the future being built on. Don't people see how in recent years cryptocurrency has only improved, you can send in money in small commissions and in a couple of seconds another person will have it
1:2:I agree in 5-10 years maybe it will be implemented everywhere and 60-70% of people will use cryptocurrency. There is even payment for crypto at the same Ilon Musk I would buy his Tesla ;)
2:1:Yes there are already many examples of cryptocurrency payment. I heard in some countries it is already possible to pay for gas in restaurants, to pay for purchases in stores and even to pay for a trip to the toilet.
3:Do you think cryptocurrency could be completely centralized?
1:3:I think not because that is the point of cryptocurrency to be decentralized and people come here to be independent of others
3:1:I totally agree by the way.
1:3:Do you have many friends who use cryptocurrency?
3:1:I don't think so many, but I have a few close friends and I would not say I have many friends.)
1:3:I think everybody has such a situation with friends because you have to be careful to let people in your social circle, as it is quite hard to meet real friends, but it's a matter of time
3:1:By the way almost always become friends with people with whom I did not even think that I would be friends
1:3:I agree all of a sudden they become friends.
2:1:And why does it happen, do not think?
3:1:What do you think about the current market situation?
1:3:To be honest I don't see the point of looking at the market right now because in the future everything will fall into place
3:1:Have you tried nodes? They say it's difficult.
1:3:Yes I did, but a long time ago all the information is usually on the Internet. Have you ever been to an Ambassador event?
3:1:Yeah, just once.
1:3:By the way, I wanted to have a tea ceremony at home, but I don't know what kind of tea to buy.
3:1:White tea is delicious and one of the most useful, tea leaves are minimally processed, and therefore there are a lot of vitamins
1:3:Tried it already.
3:1:There is also red tea, but all I know is that it comes from China.
1:3:Would you like to go to China? Or maybe you've been there before?
3:1:No, I haven't, but I'd like to learn more about their culture, traditions, cuisine. In fact, not only China I would like to visit quite a few countries, such as Italy
2:3:Oh yes, I've heard about the Italian cuisine - it's a masterpiece without modesty. The people themselves are good-natured and easy to get in touch with, besides they are well mannered.
3:2:Can also be said about France but in addition they have modern and efficient medicine, excellent infrastructure and public transport, but of the minuses is that most stores close at 19.00
2:3:Ooh, I tried a dish from Greece called Pastitsio, a pasta casserole with meat, cheese and eggs, very tasty.
3:2:I guess I'll have to find some time and start my journey.
2:3:Where did you most want to fly to?
3:2:I think I Japan to see these hardworking people learn how they manage to work so hard and not to burn out morally because I think everyone has this moment in life and you try to find motivation somewhere, but usually this source is not enough
2:3:Cool, but with who? Your girlfriend or your family?
3:2:I don't know yet, maybe all together. Where would you like to go?
1:3:for me id probably in Norway as there quite a comfortable climate, good ecology and a lot of beautiful places for active recreation.
3:1:Cool! Would you like to get a dog or other pets? I think it's cool when you have a really real friend at your fingertips. He will distract you from your daily routine because he will make you go and walk him
1:3:I think it's a good idea but I don't think I'll have enough time for a dog, a cat might be something to think about as it's much easier with cats. They don't need to be walked and can be taught to go to the bathroom on their own
3:1:It's true) can we get back to the subject of cryptocurrency? I was thinking maybe to buy a couple of tokens mina heard about it?
1:3:Yes, I heard, not just heard, but studied it because I also bought it in my portfolio. The main goal of mina is to work on creating an efficient distributed payment system that allows users to natively verify the platform directly from the genesis block.
3:1:cool did you know that mina is similar to bitcoin , except for how it handles transactions but also uses the account model used in Ethereum.
1:3:yes, it also mentioned that the difference between Bitcoin and Ethereum in this regard is that Bitcoin blockchain state contains a list of unspent coins and Ethereum state consists of account balances.
3:1:cool! i didn't know this information, can we discuss some other coins?
1:3:let's shiba ahahahahahaha
3:1:So there's nothing to discuss there as far as I'm concerned. It all depends on a tweet by Elon Musk but it is a useless token which is a hype and nothing more.
1:3:what do you think about cake?
3:1:As far as I know there are a lot of possible pools where you can put money
1:3:I agree, it is kept only due to popularity...
2:1:I like Cake and I think it is a good place to put my token and I don't hear bad comments about it.
1:2:There is also cake's analog, biswap, they have more pools than cake and they also have their own game that came out a long time ago.
2:1:What do you think about such fundamental tokens as BTC ETH BNB?
1:2:It seems to me that Bitcoin will become more and more expensive with time, because it is getting more and more attractive to buy it every day. I think there is no competitor to it.
2:1:What about ETH and BNB?
1:2:Eth it has very big commissions and they have to fight with it somehow. They lose many users because of it, but as far as I know, they are already looking for decision. But there are analogues that are also good as an example would be SOL. Regarding BNB it is a token exchange that is used as a commission in the BSC network
2:1:Yes but they also have quarterly burning which gives token growth in a moment
1:2:Yeah, I heard about the burn, too.
2:1:Do you know who Vitalik Buterin is?
1:2:He is the founder of ETH. I saw an interview with him and he sounds like a cool guy.
2:1:Maybe you heard something about Satoshi Nakomoto?)
1:2:He is considered to be the founder of bitcoin but i dont know if it is him cause it is a rumor, maybe it is a group of people
2:1:By the way we were talking about SOL did you expect so much growth from it?
3:2:I personally and I think not only me all said about its growth because the foundation is there
2:3:I think it will grow even more than its hai.
3:2:Maybe you are right I also have DOT in my portfolio for a long time +-six months ago I bought it at a not very good price but it is in the black now
2:3:You sit a lot at the computer analyzing tokens, don't you have back pain? What kind of chair do you have?
3:2:I bought a gaming chair and I don't have back problems.
2:3:That's right, you can't save money on your health.
3:2:If you do not have a suitable chair, I advise you to buy one because I do not know how you can sit much at the computer without a comfortable chair
2:3:Yes, I think it's time to buy one.
1:hello everyone, how is it going?
3:1:it's okay mate
2:1:i'm alright, and you?
1:2:me too thanks!
3:2:Preferably a table suitable to it was wide and it would be most convenient
2:3:And it'd be nice to have some normal devices hahaha
1:2: No way without that
2:1:What devices do you use? Is there a difference in quality for $10 and $50?
1:2:Of course there is a huge difference, but if you're not sitting at the computer for a long time and do simple tasks, then the $ 10 is fine, I do not see the point in overpaying
2:1:What kind of devices do you have?
1:2:A mouse and headphones from hayperx and a keyboard from an unknown brand but I'm totally happy with it for my money is fine
2:1:What about the prices?
1:2:I do not remember how much I got it for but I remember that there were discounts and I saved a lot of money on it
2:1:Cool, I'm also upgrading my devices, but I thought about what to choose hayperx normal in your experience?
1:2:Yes it is good for its price and live long enough and I have not complained once
2:1:What kind of monitor do you have?
1:2:144 Hz I don't see the point of going any higher
2:1:How many inches is the screen?
1:2:I'm pretty happy with it too, 24-25, but maybe in the future I'll buy a monitor as a TV set hahah funny to watch movies, shows, and other videos without leaving the comput
2:1:I have a friend who has a monitor as a TV hahahaha so he calls his friends on the weekend and they watch movies together at night they call me but I'm usually busy on the weekends
1:2:I think you need to find time for friends if they are true friends because at one point they can stop calling and get misunderstandings on both sides
2:1:Yeah, but you can always catch a movie and on the weekends there's usually stuff that you can't put off.
1:2:I try to spend time with my family on weekends as much as I can, and so should you.
2:1:I try too, but it doesn't always work out.
1:2:hello bro how are you what are you doing
2:1:ahhaha don`t cry bro our life is long
3:1:The screen is 3 inches